the dark is rising !
bad attempt by the people that borough us eragon .
fantasy movie lacks magic
you just ca n't beat the lord of the rings , guys
not having read the book , i found it average
journey to jupiter with cynthia mckinney
the dark is boring !
potter 's crown is safe
completely fun
scorsese missed the mark
pompous disjointed mess
ugly and overlong
put scorsese back on the map .
frankengangs !
martin scorcese sure hates short movies
long , but does n't feel like it
interesting piece of new york history
blood without grit
one great scorsese epic
a masterpiece of semi-fictional history
day lewis on top form in good period drama
good but not scorsese good .
history class never had been so much cool !
wretched refuse , teeming shores
watch this for daniel day-lewis
another brutal masterpiece from the maestro
should have won the oscar here ...
waste of talent
day-lewis was the master `` gang '' leader in this one !
i do n't get it .
maybe i saw a different movie than the rest .
a tremendous achievement
long , but worth it .
one of my favorite scorsese films.daniel day lewis gives it momentum .
born in the streets
when daniel day-lewis gives a bad performance , you know you 're in trouble
totally underrated !
the earth turns but we do n't feel it move
a compelling watch !
it 'll be talked about for decades to come ...
grandiose .
scorsese and day-lewis is back with a vengeance
a bona fide gangster movie
the urban jungle is a nest for both snakes and pearls
nicely told story of mixed elements .
personal and bloody
too long and pretentious
too much of a good thing
strong and entertaining
powerful and evocative
scorsese 's worst !
martin scorsese 's gangs of new york
an army of one - daniel day-lewis
great historic film
one of the best films i 've ever seen
great film , a must see in cinema yet not martin scorsese 's best
probably one of the most memorable roles by daniel day-lewis
big budget action flick .
day lewis saves the day .
yawn , yawn , yawn , yawn ... .
personal vs .
what an odd , odd film .
violent nonsensical historical crap
epic but mostly gratuitous
a monumental achievement
a story almost absent in american memory
a messy yet thrilling historical epic
evil is in the eye of the beholder
excessive talent dished up with too much monosodium glutamate
gangs of new york a solid action crime drama
very different movie for the main cast and director , and done very well ,
too blustery and overblown to be entertaining
worst film of the year
engaging , low-key thriller
uneasy combination of realism and thriller
flawless -- deep , exciting , sad , funny , and elegantly photographed
great film bad title
a rare triple threat
cute not pretty !
`` we 're the people you never see ... ''
dark thriller overshadowed
sensible immigrant drama
dirty pretty things by stephen frears - is one of the 2003 best films
a very very good one
below the surface of the big city
oh the weather outside is frightful , but kate 's derrière is delightful .
interesting , mainly because ...
exciting movie .
a typical action-flick .
nifty little thriller/murder mystery
dull and preposterous
a horrible thriller
a less than memorable movie
not that bad of a thriller but not that great of an ending .
freeze your hand off .
well made , but very routine and predictable .
if only the twist were also concealed by the weather ...
not a bad film
a routine film of mediocrity .
run of the mill thriller that should have been more but does okay
a good movie to waste time watching
good thriller
sorry , but i loved it
deep freeze mystery .
whiteout an okay thriller with many flaws
one of the worst 'action thrillers ' in recent memory !
i was expected aliens ... .lol blame it on the x-files hehehehe !
great film from a year of great movies .
as i grow old
among the best war films of all time
a very good film well worth watching
i 've never really noticed the anti-war sentiment
it is hard to argue with david lean .
a beautiful bridge
`` do not speak to me of rules .
this is war !
this is not a game of cricket ! ''
one of the greatest prison films ever made !
nothing short of a masterpiece !
not as good as to end all wars ( 2001 )
an epic tale of courage and heroism .
very slow paced and too long but with great substance
classic pow drama
still stirring wartime adventure and compelling psychological drama exhibit david lean at his peak
madness , madness .
a fantastic war epic
a flawless piece of cinema history !
deeper and better than may at first appear
david lean 's first great epic .
the best performances of both william holden and alec guinness
`` all that effort and loss of life , madness , simply madness ``
has the world gone mad ?
growing up and growing apart
my words below will never do justice to this film
before sunset makes you feel like you have known these characters all your life .
stunning - another snapshot of life in your 30s
it all happens again ...
unabashed romance ; real ; i loved this movie
paris we love !
better than the first one ...
now if before sunrise was great , this is much better too .
an equal sequel
a love story with a difference ...
a beautiful cinematic sunset view !
surpasses the cinematic excellence of its predecessor .
a rare delight .
before sunset
after senescence
a talky romantic effortless sequel
linklater sharpens his pencil
very good , but not as good as the prequel and the sequel
spirited emptiness
sunset with happiness
the riveting conversation goes on and grows up
a short and sweet treat which can be longer .
soulmates intersect and wallow in thoughtful what-ifs
reunited and it does feel so good
`` i know what you meant for me that day .
i just want another try , i just want another night ''
now here 's an unexpected movie sequel !
utterly majestic .
just as amazing as before
man , it 's great to be alive
just two characters constantly talking ... and it 's great .
long time coming
before sunset
surreal and confusing
terrible idea
incredibly beautiful and spiritual movie .
together we will live forever
wonderously ponderous
the most indescribably brilliant movie in years .
imaginative but jumbled ; perhaps needs more than 90min ...
the fountain
an unfortuneate miss
`` death is a disease .
there is a cure , and i will find it . ''
this makes me wonder if anyone can make good surrealist fiction .
a serious slaughterhouse-five update
life , death , love , i 'm okay with those things
a fantastic sci-fi movie ...
dreary , disjointed and nigh on pretentious
underrated imo ...
spirals of divinity
is it all coming from her book or his mind ?
a moving treatise on life and death
road to awe
stylish , emotional and unusual ...
a sad , intellectual , visually entertaining movie
you have to have some heart to enjoy this film
a brilliant film , but not for everyone .
the road to awe
living with grace
a fountain of meaning
does n't make a ton of sense , but i admire the ambition ,
what a mess
extraordinarlily ambitious , but a failure all the same .
the fountain delivers
cinematic poetry ; haunting and beautiful
death breeds creation the fountain
pure imagination pure surreal brilliance !
bewilderment ...
not even earnest acting by hugh jackman and rachel weisz could save this film
attention sci-fi geeks : take your women to see this flick !
an emotional journey .
though obscure in its ways , `` the fountain '' is rich and beautiful
complex story about love , humanity and death
darren aronofsky 's best film to date !
a visual wonder .
beautiful and probably one of the best movies of the century
the great duality squeezed through a post-modern cake decorating kit
misleading preview has it as a total different movie
unbelievable - is this from the same darren aronofsky ?
a unique experience
wishing you well
`` the fountain ''
a unique film experience - incomparable to any other film you 've seen
too much water in the fountain
be patient with this movie and please think about it
leaky fountain
doubtin ' the fountain
style and substance combined to make an experience like nothing seen in a long time
what if you could live forever ?
brilliant visuals , confusing story lines
visually astounding , but far too flawed to be looked at as anything more
be prepared to think !
my interpretation of events ...
aronofsky is such a funny guy
not for everyone
visual poetry
96 minutes of mental muscle ache
trippy kubrickian fable of timeless love ; aronofsky 's labor of love is palpable
tell me what is this all about .
a masterpiece
perfect combination of image , acting , music and style
a great movie that most people should enjoy
never trust a bunny !
hoodwinked !
is a great surprise .
far , far superior to shrek !
the more i think about it , the awesomer it gets ...
lets face it , it was n't the best !
hoodwinked !
amusing parody of the famous fairy-tale story .
an independent animation that deserves some attention
hoodwinked is the best film of the year ,
pleasantly surprised
a modern twist on a tired fable
little red riding hood rides again !
ugly looks mask a decent and funny film - 68 %
fall for the hood ...
little red was here ... ?
aiming at all ages
hoodwinked !
hoodwinked is a great movie for all ages !
a fairy tale about a pig faced girl who learns to love herself..
sympathetic and entertaining , but the whole is not completely satisfactory
a movie you love in spite of its flaws
a multifarious oddity ,
such a very cute movie
surprisingly good
blandly predictable modern-day fairy tale
beauty is in the eye of the beholder !
a nice quirky princess tale
beautifully fantastical
mccheesy 's take on `` penelope ''
heartwarming , funny , and sweet
penelope is mesmerizing
self-esteem lessons inform a modern-day fractured fairy tale with a game cast
clever and witty like a modern fairy tale should be
not a pigs ear !
for fairy tale & fantasy lovers of all ages
an entertaining pre halloween movie
cheese-horror for the next generation !
wait , what ?
this movie is supposed to be serious ?
interesting and entertaining , but nothing special
the award for best title which could double as a gay porn goes to ...
weird yet fascinating .
intriguing , unusual , strong horror film .
gory good
people usually run away the midnight meat train
models and boy scouts advised to avoid riding subways alone after 2am
derailed by obsession - another vinnie jones bad-guy production : midnight meat train
the tedious train of terror
the best clive barker adaptation ever .
a ride any horror fan should take .
a nutshell review
midnight meat train
a head-on collision between the horror express & post-modern chitchat
an excellent movie
so much potential gone to waste
a bloody good midnight ride
how about a hammer to the head ?
the climax 's train wreck is symbolic of the film itself .
ridiculous but still fairly effective barker adaptation
almost destroyed by a lousy ending
good story , amateur execution
for once , spike lee does the right thing
do the right thing is a film with an important message .
a cinema masterpiece
spike lee & company do the right thing
a two-hour bickering fest ... albeit staged like a technicolor musical !
feels like a poor high school play or a broadway musical wannabe
`` put some extra mozzarella ''
a great film about racial tension and violence
black & white
riot ...
insightful but not great
fight da powah !
there it is ... .. love and hate
waltzing with watts
does such a wretched neighborhood exist ?
the boiling point
that 's the double-truth , ruth
do the right thing
failure to laugh !
half way interesting
funny romantic comedy with a new angle
failure period
nice launch !
great cast wasted on a sub-par sitcom script
funny at times
failure to excel
buck naked and just wrong
no failure to laugh
when animals attack ... something unnatural is going on !
hate to say i liked this
`` fails to launch any chemistry between mcconaughey & parker . ''
quirky , offbeat ... and ultimately endearing
a funny and quirky , but somewhat empty film
obvious at times , but i liked it .
a surprisingly funny romantic comedy mounted on an original canvas ... .
i do not get the low ratings for this silly farce .
it 's time to fly the coop
a peter lorre masterpiece .
`` my son , there 's murder in every intelligent man 's heart ''
stranger on the third floor ( 1940 ) **
unusual , little known thriller
a real curio that is worth seeking out
three floors of internal monologue
mr. lorre makes his mark
overwrought noir saved by a creepy performance from peter lorre
unknown but impressive film noir
nicholas cage 's best movie in years .
entertaining and better than i expected
good nic or bad nic ? ...
hare-raising vigilante yarn
seeking justice ( 2011-12 ) - oh , nicolas cage !
tolerable thriller
a well crafted , mainstream thriller that entertains beginning to end
very good thriller
run-of-the-mill time passer
nothing great but it 's still good enough all to watch .
tic-free cage engages potboiler with aplomb & fine direction by vet donaldson .
disastrous , laughable pot boiler cum action flick
`` good horror remake ! ''
a terrific and memorable remake from tom savini and george a. romero .
surprisingly entertaining remake from the original 1968 film .
a worthy installment .
night of the living dead
very good remake of the 1968 romero classic night of the living dead
hit-and-miss zombie movie .
very good remake .
solid b-remake with some big shoes to fill
well-done remake of a horror classic ; savini does romero proud
extremely entertaining !
did not like the story
m. night shyamalan 's worst work ?
lame at its highest .
out of this world 3d
horrid , in every way imaginable
how satisfying it must be for other critics to side with bullies ...
shyamalan 's awful interpretation of the nick cartoon
not as bad as people say it is
an absolutely disastrous film
not fantastic , but not terrible .
best movie ever made 10/10
avatar : the last time i get bent over by shyamalan
these horrible reviews are ridiculous
horrible excuse for a film
i will show no mercy !
flesh and blood anime ...
far from what i expected
what is wrong with everyone ?
it 's in the running for one of the worst films of 2010 !
the last airbender
another bad live-action adaptation of a good cartoon
so much potential , but it 's sadly squandered
worst piece of movie making i 've ever seen
ok movie but it is still shame
easily the worst movie of the year .
i always knew you would be a great bender
2010 : not as bad as everyone is saying .
2014 : yes , as bad as everyone is saying .
real life saw !
this movie is a torture !
could 've been a lot better .
suitable for younger audiences who do n't know what good writing entails
agonizing .
( the last windbreaker )
the last of shyamalan ?
should n't have been made at all
ugh .
the last airbender : not bad , but not the best .
once the cgi effects wear off , you wonder where did the storyline go ...
good try but could use improvements .
well made with some kinks !
i hope this is the last
coming from a hard-core fan of the series
let 's hope its the last
i think it 's great
pray to god that it is the last - 19 %
well ... that was an experience
bender me this , bender !
the last fartbender *spoilers
oh !
the tragedy ...
four nations , one destiny
i actually fell asleep during the movie !
shyamalan continues to do his best to kill fun at the movies
only if you 're bored .
very very bored
the lost air-bender ...
as a remake of the cartoon it sucks , as its own movie its awesome
a nutshell review : the last airbender
not at all bad
best show for girls ever made .
a truly stand-out show , every episode is wonderful
sooner or later , 'it 's ' gon na getcha ... ( possible spoilers )
a masterful look at life through death
the best show ever !
nothing brings a family together like death
they should invent eye-diapers for those who laugh too much
this show does the impossible
as good as it gets
a poor suspension of disbelief
intelligence has never looked 'cooler ' ...
prison break
wow ! !
more than awesome , phenomenal !
breaking free from the mold
faded glory
spectacular first season , and it 's decent afterwards
a thrill ride with a few obvious speed bumps
best tv programme i 've seen in ages
it should have ended with season 2
a decent attempt at fantasy drama
maybe a bit more polishing ...
poor film
a senseless romantic fairytale
definitely an acquired taste
too incoherent to be taken seriously , too boring to be funny
do n't chase this tale
romantic fantasy
a wonderful love story
a good romantic tale !
the retired thief of baghdad
okay movie !
forget the arithmetic and enjoy the magical romance
cynical critics hated it but worth a watch
uneven tale
passable whimsy .
good as a date movie
a best picture oscar winner that still shines 80 years on
all quiet now
a little bit of truth for world war i ...
it is a masterpiece of a movie .
milestone 's first and best anti-war epic
`` dulce et decorum est pro patria mori . ''
still powerful 80+ years later .
a bit theatrical and blunt , but good
pure excellence in the war movie genre
one of the great anti-war movie
one of the most powerful anti-war statements ever put on film .
effective but with many flaws
after all war is war .
the butterfly effect
humanity at war
war is hell - the gold standard of the anti-war/war film !
when in rome , just stay away from this movie
cute romantic comedy
decent enough romantic comedy
magical romance
its not worthy
not as bad as they come , but still not good .
this marriage has a shelf life of a banana when in rome
i never imagined a trip to rome can be so joyless .
interesting twist for a romcom
they forgot the most essential element for a comedy .
characters are unlikeable and the movie is just not funny ,
a nutshell review : when in rome
that 's when i knew she was contending ... ...
rather spoilt by an outburst of sentiment
let 's get real here ...
good cast , but pedantic writing , preachy
entertaining political drama
enjoyable political movie .
brilliant clinton/starr parallel drama
knocked out , in round four ...
very well-acted !
wishful hollywood thinking about politics ...
history can be slowed down but never stopped
no action - boring - bla bla bla bla
a film with guts .
almost , but not quite , a great and relevant cinematic alarm against political demagogy
exceptional political thriller !
ethical dilemmas and too-good-to-be-true politicians
war is not a subject to be joked about .
a vonnegut adaptation with quality
'unstuck in time ' makes for interesting narrative
actually pretty good
satisfying to fans of the classic , but lacking creativity
vonnegut 's classic through roy hill 's lens
a technically accurate translation that misses the invariable quirks of the novel
slaughterhouse-five review
what a load of shitake mushrooms !
only for 12 year olds
a dormant franchise returns
an entertaining family film
a unimaginative , pointless , cheap family film
not bad , but please be more original .
not bad at all !
the cgi is a little bit too much and takes away from the story
failed epic falls short of 300 standard
good computer graphics but does n't stay true to the poem
be gone , oh rotten movie !
hollowman and alien vs .
predator !
- you have company .
gayowulf ...
another performance capture from zemeckis
alright but not grate
i 'm not a fan of cgi movies , but ...
approaches great
livening up the anglo-saxons
beowulf !
visually impressive and enjoyable fantasy
captures an essence
`` i am naked ! ! ! ''
this film is crazy ! !
hoping it had been live action
beowulf !
visually incredible , excellent animation , and epic movie .
hollywood slayeth another classic
could have been great ...
looks wonderful , but heart and magic is missing
beowulf in 3d - partly
great visuals coupled with an 'ok ' story ...
to cgi or not to cgi , that is the question ?
not all poetry translates to greatness
silly popcorn flick .
it 's a pg-13 movie with a pulse .
the future of action and fantasy films as we know it , 8/10
well , it certainly looks nice
a valiant effort
sins of the father beowulf
a huge let down on all aspects of what makes an epic tale
despite all the gaiman gore and humor , beowulf surprisingly still feels empty .
great animation , good characters , and a dull , predictable plot .
beowulf : a great animated movie !
as frustrating as its visual predecessor , `` 300 '' ...
a hybrid of live action and animation .
but is it for you ?
it 's all about the sensory overload
chasing the dragon
good visuals and a decent enough story make this worth watching
old english poem turned into full-on cgi feature
boe_dye 's scathing review of this ruined epic .
robert zemeckis + animation=greatness
creative but unfaithful
`` beowulf '' - zemeckis-style ...
nicely told story despite its visual flaws
one hardcore film that was unnecessarily converted to cg ...
a story of heroic ambiguity
a masterfully crafted cg epic
finally a great fantasy film .
i could have done without the cgi , though .
technology is the star here
one of the best film adaptation for a long time
flat , cold take on a classic story .
easily one of the most male centered movies i 've ever seen
win beowulf 's money
so close ...
yet so beowulf
a must see , but only in 3d
director 's cut review
spectacular cgi show
brilliantly bloody visuals do not automatically mean an amazing movie
a decent adaptation , dragged down by zemeckis ' choices .
this is the beginning of a new era in cinema !
a legendary story suffers a legendary butchering
beowulf is an epic of a movie as epic of a poem
a great achievement
how the horrendous can also be beautiful
`` what we need is a hero . ''
an excellent showcase of a epic tale ! ! !
a remarkable gore fest .
a lot more disturbing , interesting , exciting , and better than the polar express
look at what we can do !
not entirely bad
robert wants to show you his new toys
`` nordic sages which told of men of iron and fire breathing dragons ``
cheap thrills from the digital demon dollar tree
a supposedly great epic poem , becomes a juvenile cartoon
i am ( slightly let down by ) beowulf ! !
tragically lovely
dated and underwhelming cgi
very dumb film
deserves its status and oscar nominations
possibly the most annoying movie of all time .
a mysterious game ...
a cinematic masterpiece !
a top-notch role for michael caine
games without frontiers
sprints vs. long distances
a mystery like they used to make them
i must say , rather good show , old chap
a book with plenty of tricks up its sleeve
typical hollywood cliché
who thinks this was good ?
not me
near-brilliant mixture of personal journey , family dynamics , and romance ... a cinematic gift
pat and tiffany are the love couple of the 2010s .
conventional fairy tale masquerading as edgy drama
524th review : easily the best rom-com of 2012 and better than that
in spite of some minor flaws , the silver playbook shines
meandering manipulative mayhem .
silver linings playbook
some great new twists on a familiar against-the-odds romantic comedy
definitely a movie with replay value .
good but flawed
it is a remarkable film
finally an emotionally gripping mental health drama
inspiring drama with plenty of flair from start to finish
cooper outacts deniro in grating , sometimes endearing film
i liked it !
every cloud ... ..
buddhism and tsundere
the meaning of true love ...
'silver linings playbook ' just works in every way !
it 's one of the most feel-good films of all time !
worth a punt ! ...
damaged relationships
amazing romantic comedy
excelsior strategy
crazy brilliant love .
silver linings playbook deserves all the accolades it gets
romantic comedies suck .
this does not .
brilliant !
russell gets the best from his cast in this unconventional romance
neurotic , crazy , funny , screwball romantic comedy
a breakthrough performance for bradley cooper
david o. russell 's best film to date
one more question mark
the good , and the bad .
paradox , delusional narrator commits to dance
everybody 's crazy
a good film despite its cliché ending .
silver linings playbook ( 2012 ) - set a goal !
find your silver lining !
the life 's good side
the game of life in silver linings playbook
i loved it
that 's bradley cooper ?
more mature than the book
bradley cooper delivers the year 's most surprising leading performance ...
a different kind of a romcom with quirkily effective , seriocomic touches
the dialogues and lawrence 's eyes win this one
wonderful film !
a `` feel-good movie '' that earns its feelings
thugs in perpetuity
game plan
it 's self-aware but never smug
had `` potential '' but ...
mama weer all crazee now .
72.5+ %
was a lot better than i thought .
one of the best films of 2012
absolute involvement of star crossed characters .
uninteresting enough
lovely cute movie
a thoroughly enjoyable film
a unique crazy love story ! ! ! ! ! !
lawrence and cooper are fantastic .
din not expect this
hey , let 's be positive
beautifully acted , but difficult to believe
about what you 'd expect
de niro is back
excelsior !
an instant classic that will be remembered for its outstanding performances ,
family world
silver linings playbook
a nutshell review : silver linings playbook
maybe i am missing something ?
every cloud must have a silver lining-silver lining playbook ***1/2
you do n't have to smoke to like this
the start to stoner comedies
holy cow ...
`` everybody must get stoned ''
good stoner jokes
hey , man !
like , get legally high , man , with cheech & chong , man !
the original stoner flick ( i think )
mellow californian gold
let 's put it this way ...
it 's not terribleit 's just not very original .
this is n't what i would call a haunting
not bad.could have used a more convincing ending
why ?
why ?
why !
a pretty good horror movie for a rainy night
beyond `` awful ''
horrifyingly mediocre ... .
this was a haunting ... ?
abominable immoral ending
the failing halloween movie
lame ... at least everyone in the movie is good looking
predictable `` haunting '' movie .
seen worse but seen better .
scare free occult thriller with echoes of carrie & the omen
sophie , are we a family ?
cartoon magic
amazing film
miyazaki 's most confounding and least compelling film to date
hah !
forget computers !
... cgi is so last year .
nice anime movie ...
bittersweet movie about romance and old age
taken back to being a 'tween ' again
a great animated film
miyazaki is an anime genius ; this is perfect proof
loose ends ruined it for me
cool but weird
imaginative two-dimensional film-making may live on after all
another fun trip into the imagination of hayao miyazaki !
must see in the kid 's anime subgenre
a beautiful film !
it was definitely brilliant , flawed but brilliant
i hate gunfire .
no manners
fire , magic and a boy 's heart
convoluted tale betrays miyazaki 's love for victorian fantasy
sweet and charming fantasy adventure
too focused on physical beauty and age-ism
great comedy , horror and heart
they 've got ta learn sooner or later ...
good , but not burton 's best work
frankenweenie or bringing tim burton 's mojo back from the dead
loved it ! ...
class act ...
stunning , beautiful , deep , emotional , dark .
tim burton is back , and yes , he 's better than ever .
wonderfully shocking
a mixed bag of bones
it 's a pity not many have gone to see it .
tim burton being tim burton
this feature-length version of tim burton 's frankenweenie provided plenty of enjoyment of atmospheric chills
sweet , nostalgic and chalk full of old monster movie references .
frankenstein 's monsters
a nice strange one
burton 's horror sketchbooks
monstrously cute , fun , and heart-warming .
marred by its burtonishness
doggone ads
not for young kids at all
an `` electrifying '' tale of a boy and his dog ... . arf !
arf !
arf !
another dark entry into animation by the master of dark animation
tim burton at his best !
stylish but padded , this is an homage that 's lost its way
tim burton 's best since `` big fish ''
it 's decent but nothing all that spectacular or groundbreaking
funny , horrible and sentimental
burton 's sweet horror film valentine is spooky fun for the whole family
suburban america goes loony !
a nutshell review : frankenweenie
worst movie of 2006
definitely one of the best movies ever made .
true revolution ...
one of the finest movie of this generation .
it 's not a movie , it 's a movement .
bollywood 's finest in recent times ... .truly world class ... .
a great movie but a very disappointing end .
horribly overrated
really , a great movie ! !
awesome awakening of a new generation
incredible !
from hunger .
stick to wrestleing john
never had more fun at a terrible movie ( spoilers )
its a mindless action movie with a wrestler
i loved it
blatantly stolen from other places
new-age rambo of the 21st century
not what i expected ...
i feel i am 'one ' with this film
this movie is meant to be a good time , nothing else .
not the best , but not bad
hard corps
cena is the next schwarzenegger !
a fair actioner with too many problems
lots of noise but little in the way of anything substantial .
worthless wwe entertainment
mindless , excessive explosions , cliché ridden , just what i expected
lots and lots of booms
just horrible !
battle experience-the marine ****
decent road trip comedy
is it over yet ?
i hated this movie
ice cube should get out of showbiz
it is ice cube at his funniest..
ice cubed
not as awful as i thought it would be , but still pretty bad !
could be worse , but still is n't up to much
existenz is a surreal masterpiece from david cronenberg .
virtual reality or absence of reality ?
standard existentialist sci-fi fare
the reality of the flesh
invasion of the bio-pod people : meta-muddle ...
one of the most entertaining films from cronenberg .
great film , but not for everyone
weird as usual for cronenberg
warning : do not watch while eating .
in fact , take some tums in advance .
really , not that great
`` existenz '' - do you want to play ?
a nice sf flick
more weird organic stuff from cronenberg
i would hate to be the guy that had to market this film .
a taste that 's worth to acquire
disgusting daring prescient black comedy
seems like almost everything used to be something else , yes ?
no award for a great performance
gold fever and greedy fools
walter huston
there 's treasure everywhere
treasure !
temptation !
treachery !
classic tale of greed is cinema gold .
a treasure well worth unearthing
the seeds of mistrust are sown
`` i know what gold does to men 's souls . ''
the treasure of the sierra madre ( 1948 ) ***
make sure you find john huston 's 'treasure ' trove !
τhe treasure of life .
they 's gold in them thar skills ...
expansive adventure epic ; a pinnacle of cinematic potential
pure spun gold .
a classic about gold and greed
a classic morality tale of the dangers of wealth told fittingly as a western
gold in them thar hills
blood , sweat and `` stinking bodges ''
fresh as the day it was made
the cinema 's best meditation on greed , bar none
this is a cute movie , but it has stylistic issues .
bogart 's best performance in one of the top 10 films of all time !
great character actors ... and no stinking badges
for greed all nature is too small .
not really the great classic i expected but it 's still good all .
a well done masterpiece
master storytelling
`` if you want somebody not to find it , .
put it in front of them ''
flys high .
extraordinary , beautiful , and exciting
not bad but the story is somewhat problematic
excellent cast and story
great scenes with dynamic music .
more action than motivation ?
values and something to say
truly inspiring and worth the watch
i respect the effort but did not enjoy the film
a movie that will make you to appreciate life
gliding neatly between a true heart-wrencher and an overly-affecting drama .
pre and post the talibans
afghan hounded
good adaptation .
variance on theft
beautiful and moving film
a masterly screen version of hosseini 's novel
the tragic history of afghanistan
there is a way to be good again the kite runner
a modern epic
`` this country is not kind to invaders ''
a poignant & tragic tale
excellent story
a touching story well-realized by forster and crew
touching story of one man 's redemption
moving tale of moral redemption
my review wont do this movie justice ... .
a very idiotic story
a tear jerker of note
cinematic adaptation of hosseini 's sterling novel may be just too faithful
quiet dignity , personified
i wish i had a fake beard
a wimp 's tale
a must see ... ..really
blood drops upon white snow form an image of afghanistan
dangerously panders to commercial sensibilities
`` it 's my story .
i get to end it how i want . ''
an inspiring triumph
and *you* realize that i 'm the one holding the slingshot , right ?
just a bit too sentimental
soild but flawed
works if you did n't read it
outstanding !
i had a wonderful experience watching this fine drama .
afghanistan 's collapse
moving and profound
not relevant
bulimic skinny or anorexic skinny ?
what lies beneath the usual ...
smart , all-too-pert runaway car of a movie
young american psychos
one of the greatest movies out there
you better bring back change ; daddy wants change the rules of attraction
darkly perfect
the best film of 2002
interesting adaption
sometimes i ca n't believe the crap that spills out of my mouth
hardly mainstream , but worth more than a cursory glance
stupid cupid !
disgrace of a movie ! ! ! !
not bad .
one of the best romantic comedies in years
a smart and funny look at meetings between guys and girls
the date doctor ...
will smith and kevin james are awesome together .
no need for a spoiler warning - you know what you 're gon na get
has enough charming moments to make it worth going through the clichéd last third .
a good movie that flowed without a hitch
testing the limits of romantic comedy
hitch cock .
a pleasant surprise !
sorry , i did n't fall for it .
don't-b-hitch !
( dvd )
predictable rom-com
amiable romantic comedy
one of my favorite romantic comedies
a very worthwhile movie for what it is
totally fun
good but predictable
naked lunch is a surreal masterpiece from cronenberg .
`` i feel very insecure without a typewriter in the house ... ''
`` its a kafka high.. ''
`` exterminate all rational thought ''
cronenbugging out ...
filming the unfilmable
naked lunch
cronenberg does burroughs
decadent and sickening
a masterpiece of interpretive surrealism for burroughs fans
`` exterminate all rational thought .
that is the conclusion i have come to. ``
inland empire
an extraordinary mind trip
it 's chronic `` movie-time '' constipation
undeniably interesting despite all its flaws
a visionary masterpiece from david cronenberg .
`` exterminate all rational thought . ''
naked lunch
indulgent games
terrifying and disturbing
education , not entertainment
excellent thriller
all the cinema villains combined look like bambi when compared to paul & peter
a different kind of horror
you 're on their side , so who will you bet with ?
funny games
simple sadism
the impact of a 12-gauge shotgun
suffering ?
you ai n't seen nothing yet ...
have fun
george : why are you doing this to us ?
paul : why not ?
the moral of the story is : do n't let anyone borrow your eggs !
why are you doing this ?
why not ?
christopher guest loses his touch
improvising never looked so real
a fascinating fusion of folk music and mockumentary
jolly , affectionate and often surreal folk satire
meet the folkers !
the comedy is a bit too sincere , but the songs will make you cheer
funny , but endearing !
dry , subtle , ad-libbed comedy with a big heart
watchable misfire
really clever and challenging film that toys with convention and gender situation .
bits and pieces from across the pond
a funny movie with lots of heart that has an impact .
comedy that deals with real issues
cheerfully funny & sparky ***6/10***
exemplary post-thatcherite feelgood drama
nowhere near as bad and what i expected
excellent.. one of my all-time favourite comedies ! ...
the money shot ...
a social commentary ?
no !
short , sweet comedy with heart ... and skin
baring it all for child support ?
`` excuse me ... nobody said anything to me about the full monty ''
hot stuff
full marks
i do n't think the world is ready for this kind of film
very theatrical ...
very brilliant ! ... .
about art and ways to consume it
dazzling , poetic , spectacular
`` bon apetit , albert , that 's french '' ...
greenaway 's best movie ... beautiful and disturbing
still not sure if i love or hate this movie
is greenaway a truly great artist or he merely seems so ?
the cook , the thief , his wife and her lover
depply beautiful
perfect !
johnny depp plays a normal human being , for once
an entertaining drama that plays fast and loose with the facts
the wings of imagination
a great story of creating a great story
better than expected
peter pan
a strong , somewhat magical film
a bit over-sincere , but well done
rigging the ballot box
beautiful , moving movie with very few flaws
good , but too simple , definitely not one of the year 's best
magical barrie tale
beautiful film
just believe
the nominee that got away .
true magic
wow .
a beautiful film !
depp is a champ !
never say never
an uplifting beauty .
beautiful , charming , heartbreaking and wonderful
wonderful movie
few films captivate the imagination quite as well as this one !
the young kid of the cinema is ramming his way up to the top
finding yourself
no need for tinkerbell , this film is simply magical - 91 %
the delicate situation of a man-child and the legend he creates
better than expected !
land of `` hope and glory ''
land of `` hope and glory ''
beautiful film
a masterpiece
pleasantly surprised
touching the soul of inspiration
superb acting and brilliantly made
excellent in every way .
just a dog ?
*just* ?
what a horrible candle-snuffing word .
a bedraggled action drama ... but gibson retains his big-screen charisma
nice to see you again , mel .
decent action film
not highly memorable , but an entertaining film
mel gibson kicks some ass !
mel gibson 's still got it .
gibson raises mel-hem in mexico ! !
my favorite film of the year so far
morally dubious action movie - reflecting gibson 's own values ?
does n't disappoint
mel gibson 's return to action is awesome
gibson 's comeback to action is mostly promising
mel gibson goes gta in a mexican prison
stuck somewhere between an average and great movie .
`` once in hell , it 's best to become friends with the devil ``
how i spent my summer vacation
stylish and violent - a well made action film though not for everyone
how i spent my summer vacation
a nutshell review : get the gringo
flat , meaningless last ditch desperate entry for gibson
scan is clear , plot properly muddied
i 'm done .
i 'm done .
i 'm done .
i 'm done .
original but somehow lacking
finally , another good dick adaption
serious play : brilliant result
only linklater
engaging , if depressing narcotics thriller
radiohead fans will love this movie .
do the scanners see darkly or clearly
nonsensical approach to reality ... .. or , why drugs are bad ...
a great animated film , very underrated
paranoid drugs sci-fi
a clever , cinematic mind trip , destined to become a cult classic
i saw death rising from the ground
an odd and surprisingly depressing film .
undoubtedly destined for cult status ...
junkie junk
interesting for the animation and almost nothing else .
very weird
much more than what it seems .
a twist to science fiction films whose innovations trumps confusion
confusing but thought-provoking sci-fi fable
looks like a cool idea but does not deliver
an interesting movie which could have been handled better
the most visually stunning movie i 've seen in years .
a modern classic ... . ***** ( out of five )
apparently , drugs are bad .
an excellent and truly unique piece of film-making
well blended and animated sci-fi film
the pen is stronger than the reel !
( dvd )
brilliant , extraordinary graphics with an outstanding storyline
based on a story by phillip k .
just good enough .
twice removed from reality
this movie scanned my senses !
possibly the year 's best film !
sweaty noir
man , this movie just oozes style .
classy erotic noir
absolutely engrossing , in a sweaty kind of way
one of the best thrillers
a slick , sexy homage to classic noir movies - 87 %
entertaining , sexy film noir
humid suspense
oh , are you fo ' real ?
a 5 for alba
the star of the show
an incredibly fun movie ; just let yourself go
`` honey '' is sweet , but is otherwise empty .
i can bear this honey ( dvd )
make the world a better place with dancing ?
mediocre dance movie
rather episodic but it 's still a decent adaptation of real life events !
honey is sweet ***1/2
hail surprise !
along came a spider in my opinion is average at best .
simple , straight-forward kidnapping thriller .
crime and mystery ...
decent thriller
a simple but effective entertaining film
intelligent thriller
tight thriller with great ending
or is it a fly ?
a secret recipe ?
americans love baseball , even when the players are dead
`` one of costner 's best ! ''
second kevin costner baseball themed film
bit off more than it could chew
this is where it 's at !
this story is a diamond
if you see this movie , it will suck .
the field of acting legends urns into a fabulous spectacle
not your usual baseball movie
i love this movie !
well , i liked it .
dreams can come true , you just got ta work for it .
another romero classic !
highly underrated
just another day in george 's crazy zombie world
in day of the dead we get to see the zombie emotions and feelings .
`` pretty good 80 's zombie flick ! ''
an underrated horror classic .
one of romero 's best .
romero 's third zombie film is easily the worst
the `` black sheep '' of the original dead trilogy ?
`` this is a great big 14 mile tombstone . ''
arguably the best of the series
romero at his best & zombies at theirs
the third and most underrated of the living dead series .
romero 's finest 'dead ' offering
i 'm biased , but ...
music soothes even the savage zombie .
a good movie
`` dark days , bright nights ''
not bad , but not great .
the dead have won
the zombies are almost a distraction ...
it just keeps getting better
talk about an underrated film !
sui generis zombie cinema .
a solid b-movie
george a. romero 's done it again !
worth watching - the second best in the line , imo
the way vampire movies should be made !
let the same film in .
pre-teen vampire friendship is the theme of this
excellent movie of the sci-fi genre .
good movie but its nothing on the original
charming romance !
a completely unnecessary and inferior remake
a decent remake
a competent but unnecessary remake
a heartbreaking story that is disturbing and bittersweet
kids who can act
not as good as the original but still a worthy effort ...
let me in
let me in
earnest , yet incredibly mediocre
creepy but strangely touching
just as good and affective as the original
a decent , if unnecessary , remake
the remake no one wanted is surprisingly decent
let me in is a solid remake
a faithful remake
a good remake
horrific tweens for all eternity
closer to sweden than it is to hollywood
i 'm not a snob , but i 'm also not impressed .
decent remake of a swedish original
one of the most accurate and well-written horror remakes in recent years .
as expected , the american version lacks subtlety
entry granted
for once a superb hollywood translation
an amazing visually stunning unique vampire flick
innocence dies .
abby does n't
nowhere near as good as the original , but still a well done remake
horror with a heart !
let the right one in ... 72.5/100
captivating vampire movie .
great to watch , even if you have already seen the original .
finally a scary vampire movie ! !
dumbed-down version of a far superior adaptation
a nutshell review : let me in
let me in ( matt reeves , 2010 ) ***
better than the original ... but that 's faint praise
a good animation is made weak by clichéd writing .
an enjoyable sequel
rio 2 is pretty enjoyable , just not as much as the previous one
colorful and gorgeous animation , but not much more to it
relatively undistinguished entry in a crowded field
enjoyable if a bit over-stuffed
entertaining , fun and vibrant !
blu and jewel take their kids to the amazon .
better than the original .
`` birds of blue feather have to stick together . ''
back to basics
empty ersatz art dreck
old art-house that does not stand the test of time
a genius parody
go godard go !
it all makes perfect nonsense
a bizarre movie worth seeing under certain circumstances
ca n't say i like it but it is still well made .
crazy movie
highly regarded by some ; overrated in my opinion
life may be sad , but it 's always beautiful .
pierrot le fou
and words are all we have
ambitious but deeply flawed melodrama about plagiarism
a quick , nutshell opinion of `` the words ''
too much telling , too little showing
well done , but weak ending
a film about writers for writers
slow moving romantic thriller
on the same page
a nutshell review : the words
words can make you act ***1/2
`` oh , sam , you 're slipping .
that used to terrify me , the withering glance of the goddess . ''
great tunes , mediocre show
premium holiday nonsense
junk -- in spite of stellar cast and cole porter songs
the philadelphia story ... the musical ?
she 's sensational
quite good for its time .
what a swell movie this is !
the gun is loaded but nobody 's home
it is pretty good but i prefer his other films more .
an ineffective film which also lacks depth and any intensity
the beginning of terrence malick 's art
sheen as killer
( cliché ) love is overrated .
a controversial romantic film ?
malick popping his cherry
they said it was malick 's best ...
they were n't wrong ...
terrence malick 's tale of love and death
an intelligental and enjoyable neo-western
that strange , ethereal quality found only in dreams .
masterpiece does n't even begin to describe it .
a simple , yet powerful masterpiece
weird for weird 's sake
absolutely gorgeous and fascinating treatment of the young criminal lovers on the run theme
bad movie ( rental )
malick 's best work
funny and forgettable
good , especially for a woody allen flick
bananas ( 1971 ) ***
early woody allen , his nebbish years
`` bananas '' split my sides
`` yes , well , freedom is wonderful .
anything goes woody allen
lots of fake blood ca n't save a silly story
an under-achievement
giving this a 5 is being overly kind
worth a peak ...
in love with the game , ashamed of the movie
`` no , do n't ... ''
most people will want to stay away
oh pain , thy name is bloodrayne ...
not good , not good at all .
it does n't work even as a camp comedy
in a word : poor
actually quite enjoyable and entertaining
`` your form is weak , lacking passion ! ''
sexy and cool film
it 's a bollwerks production ... ..need i say more ?
bottom of the barrel medieval fantasy .
aaagh !
run away !
the green hornet as a comedy
campy character as hero .
green screen wannabe heroes
kato carried the film .
what can i say ?
i 'm sorry , but i loved it !
the green hornet produces little buzz .
i was hoping for more
the green hornet is ausome
a hugely entertaining experience
almost a terrible movie
a generic buddy-movie
spectacular final action sequence .
trognovsky is such a cool bad guy
pretty bad
this ... is in it 's own category of superhero films
just good fun i suppose ... .
`` mindless '' entertainment that is - whatdya know ?
- actually entertaining
want to see something cool ?
2011 starts off strong
the green hornet
billionaires behaving badly ...
go see it !
the green hornget sends his regards .
buzzzz kill
silent bzzzz ... with very little sting
in gondry 's standards , its nothing great .
wait for pay per view
entertaining flick ...
dreadful movie
amusing enough to cover up its flaws for a solid two-hour diversion
cameron diaz ditches shreck for a radio tale
bros before 'hoes in the superhero action-comedy - `` the green hornet ''
poor mix of comedy and action .
a funny spoof superhero film
decent but what were they thinking ?
who likes this
mirror opposite of green hornet & kato
the green hornet ( 2011 ) - i send the hornet my regards !
a terrific cartoonic pleasure
this movie most certainly does not `` kick-ass ''
pass me the fly-spray
feeling the envy
a pleasantly surprising , fun , action film
a superhero green with envy
two clowns and a cool car .
stupidly annoying hornet , yet oddly it was fun
shove that hornet 's stinger , rogen !
yeah !
shove it !
an excellent opportunity , wasted and blown
i was expecting a disaster
most annoying
fun action/comedy as rogen becomes the green hornet
a nice mixture of action and comedy !
it 's nothing great , but no dud either
strange cast never gets its timing down
a potluck of wasted talent
`` we will pose as villains but we 'll act like heroes . ''
awful story with stupid superheroes
fails to live up to the standards set by other postmodern superhero films
campy , corny , but visually entertaining .
one of seth rogen 's weaker moments ,
a nutshell review : the green hornet
low expectations help , but it ai n't bad
the green hornet { 3-d version } ( michel gondry , 2011 ) **
3:10 to yuma stayed true to the tradition of the old west
who knew that an austrailian and a brit can make such great cowboys ?
yuma wan na watch this
routine remake
the western rehabilitated
good story driven by 2 good lead actors
begins excitingly before losing steam ( and coherency ) in the second-half ...
excellent movie .
kudos for russell crowe and company
entertaining .
for a one-legged rancher , he 's a tough son of a ... .
three hours til yuma ?
a good , but overrated , modern western
classic western
the best film of 2007 !
310 to yuma
`` you know , squeezin ' that watch wo n't stop time . ''
remake improved by great performances by crowe and bale
nice but not great
in a word , great !
solid western action
a place in the mind still left for heroism
the power of silence
stirring modern western remake
the kind of movie i thought we could n't make any more
classy stylish laidback thriller western it is ... !
good acting , good cast , awful third act
good old classic western is back !
`` i hate posses . ''
starts with a bang ... ends with a what ?
a great western , destined to be a classic
fine thriller , taut , tense , well acted
take the `` 3:10 to cine '' to see `` 3:10 to yuma ''
great story , well acted , close to unforgiven
quite good but something was lacking .
good laugh for us and the actors ?
redemption , at any cost .
what was it all about ?
and what was the point ?
freaking awesome action movie
they were shooting bullets
a modern western unleashed
good and modern western
great western movie
an entertaining , action-packed western
an intense ride through the west from start to finish
breathtaking and consistently quality modern western
psychobabble , just do n't listen too closely to the dialogue
bale and crowe are terrific together
even bad men love they mommas 3:10 to yuma
the good , the bad , and the magnificent
one great western !
a good movie with a simple story .
solid cast , disappointing product .
completely illogical , irrational western
obviously one of the best westerns ever made
a new retelling of the 1957 version
both highly improbable & s-l-o-w
a fantastic western !
the train has left the station
an action-packed western that keeps you on the edge of your seat .
an exciting and smart western with a contemporary flare
entertaining and decent remake
flawed but generally compelling western drama
welcome home
compelling with an action scene around every corner
subdued western powered by characterizations
remake has strong cast
3:10 to incredulity
stupendous , exciting and brilliant .
thoroughly enjoyable remake of a classic western
a modern classic
murky dusty dark western
3:10 to awesome
sure as god 's vengeance they 're coming
high noon time with 3:10 to yuma
does a realistic western exist ?
a brilliant character study ; an old-fashioned western with a modern twist
another great performance from bale , and crowe 's most interesting character yet .
a thriller of a western
a proper western helmed brilliantly by bale and crowe - 80 %
one of the year 's best
3:10 is just about a ten
the western is back ! !
( well , for now , anyway . )
very good but hoped some more dedication from bale .
good remake
reminds me of some of the better westerns except with more guts
a prime example on how to do a good and polished remake .
good stuff
very well made film
entertaining from start to finish
excellent western
as the crowe flies
classic western for the modern viewer
another superb western to add to my collection
good fall movie
with a little more this could be a good movie
a great ending to a great film .
solid piece of work which lets itself down a bit
3:10 to yuma a good western much better than expected
3:10 to yuma greatly overrated ( spoiler alert )
shot in the belly
a re-do of the 1957 film with glenn ford & van heflin .
3:10 to yuma
3:10 to yuma : take the last train to love for a gunslinger
the western makes a seeping comeback ...
best out of all three of them
overrated and annoying sequel
almost as good as the first
i like movies with twists at the end ...
more gruesome horror .
a horribly rushed , pointless cash-in .
a sequel to challenge the original
a continuation of perfection .
even greater than the previous !
i 'm still recovering from how bad saw i was ...
saw ii ( 2005 ) ***
`` yes , there will be blood ... ''
misery , but well done
not the sequel i expected ...
not as good as the original
a savage and gruesome thriller
oh gee
better then the original
brilliant , just brilliant
not as good as 1 but still a power ride
saw ii is sloppy and completely devoid of logic .
awwwwww !
unnecessary sequel
let 's play some more
incredible thriller
it will blow you away
the best film of 2005 without a doubt ...
let 's go back to where we started
a lean , mean sequel
`` saw ii '' horror feature ups the ante second time around
a daily comment from midget emma : saw ii ( 2005 )
sure enough to make one stop watching the rest ...
a quite good sequel , but no way near the power of the first one
even better than the first nail biter .
put saw ii on the best sequel list .
amazing .
`` saw 2 is not as sharp or shocking as original . ''
the puzzles continue
warning : not for the squeamish ( there really was blood ! )
the law of diminishing returns
the return of the haunted house
where gore meets bore
jigsaw = dr phil !
those who do not appreciate life do not deserve life
volume two does not disappoint
a sequel that 's a cut above ...
seen it once , saw it again ...
bad bad bad bad ...
fails to capture the spirit of the original film
more than descent , but nowhere close to the first movie .
the rare sequel that is intelligent and in many ways better than its predecessor
a worthy sequel , but nowhere near the original
one of the best sequels - better than saw 1
it 's like fast food .
i just saw the movie !
does the movie make the cut ?
very intense and brilliant
slightly better than the original .
i saw this movie
its very violent and gory , but not as scary ,
not as good as the first but still good
finally !
inevitable and inevitably of poorer quality
lacks imagination and creativity as a mystery thriller
before i go to sleep
good but wobbly
slow but builds climatically and grows on you in many ways
standard stuff , but good standard stuff
kind of dull and is lacking , but not that bad
great trailer , boring movie
well-acted but very convoluted
memory in a strange world
before i go to sleep
it must be better than i think it is .
angel heart is a creepy and complex thriller .
an under-appreciated thriller
weird but good
flawed , but still great ! ...
one of the greatest , most terrifying films ever ! !
a melting pot of suspenseful genres mixed pretty well
i 'm speechless -- -this rules
one of the creepiest thrillers ever made
devilishly good
a sleazy p.i .
's search for himself
a profusely bleeding `` heart ''
matures with age and grows on audiences and film connoisseurs alike !
a visually stunning cult thriller !
i know who i am !
naked breasts -- the most wholesome stuff in this flick : )
classy , dark and creepy
disturbing and dynamic film noir-horror hybrid
a unstoppable force of a movie
film noir meets the bayou
tried to recreate the action films of the 80s ...
eat your sandwich
it takes a certain kind of audience ...
finally , a good adaptation
nice movie with good acting from olyphant
( well-made ) dross
hit-man !
enjoyable game-to-movie action romp
for some reason , it was better the 2nd time .
pretty good movie
no matter how good the game is .
there are some ideas , that are never meant to become motion pictures
the bald and the beautiful
a great cast and great action , that made this film worth it .
felt like it was straight out of the game
20th century fox made this film ? ? ? ?
exactly what you 'd expect ...
violent and bloody mess ...
hit-man on target
that 's not a woman hit-man
not worthy of a razzie nomination ...
in the good way
hits the mark for mindless entertainment ...
an interesting action film !
guns , babes , explosions = simple b-movie fun
as someone who did n't play the video game
could n't point out the point
`` hitman '' hits and misses
play the game instead
had lots of potential
please ... make it stop .
oh dear ... ..
good action movie .
hitting rock bottom
predictable and boring
satisying ...
as video game adapts go , it 's surprisingly good - 68 %
huge , huge , huge disappointment
misses the mark
hit-man review
not very good
who 'd have thought it ?
a poor video game movie .
hollywoodanized and failed to capture the point , yet enjoyable
not expecting a sequel after watching this
one of the best video game adaptations , not saying much is it
not violent enough
desperate demons
another political assassin film but still well made & enjoyable .
a decent enough movie for a wednesday morning
shoot to kill !
really dumb
i can see the audience but it 's not for me
458th review : my favorite show bar none , but ashton .
no .
no .
it 's gone all sappy & horrible
the brilliance is in the writing and execution ...
tasteless humor
one of only a few consistently outstanding sitcoms i 've ever seen !
makes me smile every time !
men men men men manly men men men
charlie you the man !
good pickup and a winner for cbs .
color me surprised .
has everything to be a blast of entertainment .
it 's ok
`` personally , veda 's convinced me that alligators have the right idea .
they eat their young ''
mildred pierce ( 1945 ) **
mildred and veda pierce
one of joan crawford 's best performances
an american classic !
crawford makes a magnificent mildred
mother 's unconditional love ca n't save bad seed offspring !
doing it for the kids
one mother 's undying devotion to her daughter
classic exposé of sou-cal working woman 's life
`` i 'll never forget her . ''
not as good as i thought it would be
mildred , the housewife with the mean right
good , but ... ..
hail karloff !
the mummy ( 1932 ) ***
classic karloff ...
karloff is the movie
karloff : the most menacing man ever to wear a fez
excellent atmospheric tone poem
a fine example of classic horror
either does n't hold up well or is just bad and got lucky
more slowburn drama , but earns an honorable mention
relies it 's creepiness on dialogs and dark settings .
in the shadow of frankenstein and dracula
even when miscast , karloff 's talent still shines .
prince imhotep loves princess anck-es-en-amon from the grave for 3,700 years !
the wolverine franchise needs to stop here
this is actually pretty good .
bring back bryan singer
not the greatest film ever , but an entertaining action flick
dull and terrible : an awful combination
fairly entertaining
the dullest and sloppiest entry into the whole x men canon .
finally , a decent wolverine flick !
the wolverine title everyone was waiting for ?
solid , sizzling superhero movie
okay , but not one of the best x-men movies
wolverine ...
awesome but little slow movie..overall fine
slow pacing and detached hero underwhelms
when xmen meets every other cheesy japanese storyline
a vulnerable hero
quite enjoyable , better than origins
ridiculously boring
jackman is the wolverine
a well-deserved japanese vacation for the wolverine !
not the best in the series , but not that far off .
a return to form for the wolverine
the wolverine is one of the most thrilling movies of this summer !
the better wolverine adventure
wolverine de-clawed
a time-pass entertainer !
character-focused 'the wolverine ' gives wolvie the story he needed , not the dazzling blockbuster
the wolverine has more substance just as hugh jackman has more muscles here
dull plotting negates the movie 's virtues
if it bleeds , we can kill it
hugh jackman 's mutton chops still fit
the wolverine focuses more on character than spectacle .
a new fresh take on the wolverine
mutant alone
clawing up japan ...
marvel comics favorite rebel returns
blade stopper
they are all so old !
hugh jackman is not wolverine
wolverine gets an unexpected manicure from the silver samurai
overthought and downright boring .
the worst marvel movie yet ?
so much better than x-men : origins
wolverine 's character profile !
proof that marvel movies are getting better
the wolverine review
a big step-up to x-men origins : wolverine
finally a `` wolverine '' film that fans wanted
turning japanese .
72.5+ %
a c+ for the australian mutant
the wolverine has wolverine doing what he does best , slashing
`` do n't hit my friends . ''
immortality and healing power
one of the most underrated movies of 2013 ...
excellent study of wolverine being vulnerable
the best at doing what wolverine is - and that *is* very nice
waking the animal inside
better than anticipated ( and frankly unnecessary mutant vehicle ) of the always watchable logan
no words to describe how bad/terrible this movie is
the spin off movie wolverine deserved ,
the wolverine
a bore
what an unpleasant movie
contrived drama
an excellent portrayal of disharmony in peoples lives .
it should have been much better
a stormy realistic drama
a quiet hit
evolution of narcisissm
life 's a mess in ang lee 's america
be forewarned : the pacing is sloooooooow
three drift out of consciousness
it 's too vague too vague
another interesting mood piece from ang lee ...
ensemble acting
a great and overlooked genre movie .
sex is the thing
simply smashing , astonishing animation
a laugh out-loud riot -- and that 's all , folks !
terrific in every way
fun for all the family
tom and jerry for the modern age
cracking good family fun
wallace and gromit against all ...
exquisitely crafted horror
great comic fun ! ...
wallace and gromit arrive on the big screen ...
best animated film i 've ever seen !
great family entertainment
wallace & gromit in the curse of the were-rabbit
a very well done cartoon .
so fresh it demands a sequel
i did n't know what i was expecting from this movie .
a stupid movie ?
so many hidden gags & references
wallace and gromit 's first step into feature filmdom rises to the challenge
what the heck is a were rabbit ?
good stuff
charming characters , snappy animation , but a bit too long
... ... ..it 's absolutely amazing .
so funny i was in tears , and was cute as well
wallace and gromit : the curse of the were-rabbit is superior family fun
crackers about wallace & gromit !
wonderfully inventive and hugely enjoyable , park does it again - 83 %
a good , wholesome romp
`` a gold bullet ... 24 karat ! ''
joyful visual invention and clever storytelling drive the latest park concoction
first full-length feature for the inventor and his trusty dog
well stewed
endlessly creative and loads of fun
for the family !
an extraordinary animated achievement
aardman just keep on getting better and better..
short but not too short .
a cure for a bad day , carried in a small bottle .
hare-um scare-um
it was always going to happen one day
a fun film for the whole family !
does australia make more films like this ?
414th review : stunning account of one of the greatest abuses of human rights
simple , interesting , but mostly uninvolving
video clip
simple but evocative
tear jerker , pure gold !
100 %
the stolen generation
powerful true story serves as nice comeback for noyce
fine film , but a little lacking in background and drama
statement movie about a bad chapter in australian history
simple story , powerfully told
best animated film i 've seen since the lion king .
disney 's animation is just spectacular
grab the pantene pro-v leave-in conditioner and get tangled in this wonderful disney movie
another charming disney film
poor plot , but a return to form for disney
my 354th review : excellent entertainment - really
wonderfully cute !
one of my favorite disney movies ! !
definitely an instant classic
great 3d
great cg animated film from disney
by-the-numbers disney fluff
very pretty , sweet , funny , but not quite a classic
never wanted to see this when it came out ... and i feel bad .
a little slow , but fun
disney has n't let me down !
a bit off
tangled is a pretty good film
a disney classic of old .
thank you , john lasseter !
brings back that old fashioned disney magic
what all movies should be .
a delightful film for the whole family
disney 's first cgi musical will have you up for the tangles
tangled is fun for the entire family !
a blast from the past , but nothing all that new
an enjoyably take on the rapunzel fairy tale
at last something thrilling
tangled ( 2010 ) - rapunzel , let down your hair !
flynn rider , bring out the smolder !
simply touch my heart
best disney movie i have ever seen
quite a fun time being tangled .
i loved this movie
exciting action and magical poignant scenes as disney goes cgi
old is new ...
god bless disney .
how do they keep doing this year after year , creating absolute classics !
belle who ?
there 's a new beauty in town .
bringing on the magic !
combines classic old-fashioned charm with a modern twist ... a true disney classic ...
one of disney 's finest cgi comedies
hair rasing adventure
funny , witty , a modern fairy tale .
long live the hairness !
( screen )
disney takes on the grimm brothers .
best disney heroine ever
feels like disney again
about what we might expect
fun `` fractured fairy tale '' take on `` rapunzel ''
a masterpiece !
my personal favorite princess movie !
a nutshell review : tangled
alright for what it is - silly fun
great cgi disney film !
cute enough if unmemorable
gets stuck at the starting grid
rollicking , fast-paced entertainment
a good kids ' film
need for speed
`` cars '' for younger children
dreamworks version of pixar 's cars !
an ordinary garden snail dreams of speed .
full speed
funny stuff , but this was unrealistic silliness
`` not as good as the first 2 films ! ''
still fun and exciting .
file this one under `` should not have been green-lit ''
lets try and flog as much out of a good concept
axel foley in the 90 's
back again in beverly hills on a roller coaster ride
the least inspired `` beverly hills cop '' sequel ! !
better than given credit for
murphy sells his soul but i hope he kept the receipt - 38 %
mostly pointless cash-in
you want to shake your head and demand a rewrite
beverly hills spider-cop !
not as good as the first two but not entirely bad
beverly hills cop iii
not enough murphy wisecracks and only dull action scenes
low expectations + better than expected story = decent flick
after 50 years alvin still has it
give it credit , it 's a kids movie
fast , furry-ilicous , and fun ...
kind of adorable , but looses steam .
it 's all about family
a nice updated version
alvin and the chipmunks !
alvin and the chipmunks : the motion picture
good to see a classic getting remade into something better .
good family movie
cute , but not cute enough
the best kids movie in along time
i expected good movie but i saw big disappointment
just for the really young kids .
cool special effects
get ready to get `` munk 'd '' !
painful chipmunks
full of nostalgia , bound to make new fans as well !
it is n't a total disaster .
not too bad
great fun , much better than the god awful sequels ,
decent & safe for a young crowd
sweetly inoffensive
oh no !
they 're ...
cute !
great family movie
a maddening work of art
half of a great movie , but overwrought rather than compelling at start
an existential study .
strangers in the night
paint it black
very good , but flawed
must let go when viewing lars
an ambitious imperfect but interesting artistic effort -- human emotions vs. the cosmos
a tedious and irritating film
an amazing sensory delight that misses an important human component
suppose they gave a movie and nobody understood it ...
beautiful work of art .
simple , subtle and intrinsic
a self-indulgent mess that is barely watchable .
depression journey
a dance of death
von trier 's film has a slow start , but definitely delivers .
do n't they know its the end of the world ?
i can admire the artistry involved ...
welcome to his world .
slow , depressing movie
a visionary masterwork
it 's not melancholia it 's lobotomia
the sound of void washing itself empty
apocalyptic saga of two sisters in von trier 's idiosyncratic hands
a thought-provoking film !
beautiful melancholy
director lars von trier 's visionary approach to movie making .
no drugs
what a delightful surprise .
the end is nigh ... hopefully not for lars ' career .
not his best
sadness by wagner
perhaps one of the year 's most important movies
the beginning of a marriage the end of the world
a nutshell review : melancholia
pretty but empty ( at least i think it is )
just sad to watch melancholia 1/2*
melancholia ( lars von trier , 2011 ) **1/2
seconds ( 1966 ) ***1/2
frankenheimer directs unique sci-fi film
the grass is always greener
seconds review
thank god for cult followings .
would had absolutely loved this movie if it got done as a thriller .
if you had a choice
9 and a half/ 10
family guy - great
hubris destroyed this show
never leave our hearts again
an excellent adult cartoon
family guy is genius in its own rights
great show
family guy , there is not much better .
a never original , but usually pretty funny show .
in the beginning , it was good ...
addictive but lazy cartoon that 's ultimately forgettable
genuinely a great show .
genius episodes and humour .
if anyone ever had neighbours like this ...
possible for an animated show to make your blood boil ?
funny , but also something of a one-joke pony .
family guy is funny , clever and possibly the best adult series on air
stupid show
very funny
hit and miss
family guy is another excellent animated series .
simply amazing animation genius
irreverent , funny , insulting , hysterical
an unoriginal family , but a great one none the less
sometimes humorous , often tedious
ok , nothing new , but sill light and funny
i hate movies like this
a contender that should entertain american pie lovers
likable , familiar college comedy gets an appealing performance from the lead actor .
fun !
better than expected
sentimental , although disgusting
fun and entertaining - just remember to disengage your brain
did n't make me genuinely laugh once ,
van wilder
there are few films as good as this
is falco a perpetrator or a victim ?
scathing film noir
burt lancaster takes a walk on the dark side
all power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely !
and then there 're schmucks like this mr. j.j. hudsecker !
a different kind of film noir , one of the greatest films ever made
great story and great acting equals great movie .
`` this is life , get used to it . ''
stone-cold classic , way ahead of its time
the smear
this is what you call bad
what a waste of time !
yes , simple and hilarious ! !
grown ups 2 's better than grown ups !
i do n't even know wtf did i watch ... .
fun !
stunted growth
is this classed as a film ?
how can it be classed as a film ?
not very good , but i quite liked it anyway
i surprisingly found this more amusing than the first one .
the top twenty-five reasons sandler really needs to grow up
what happened to adam sandler ?
mr. sandler ... you 've lost whatever you had .
please retire .
okay , i did laugh ... ... a lot !
lazy beyond words
nowhere near as good as the first .
still childish
not as fun or entertaining as the first grown ups ,
stirring american agitprop
the greatest film of tony scott and 1995
spell-binding !
very well made military drama
review of `` crimson tide ''
both too fast and too slow , saved mostly by great acting
not a movie about robots , thank god
intense entertainment from start to finish
script falls apart..
tony scott , rip
memorable for several reasons
great movie
the best of the bell ringer sagas .
`` i 'm about as shapeless as the man in the moon ''
stellar performances from a great book
often spoofed but a film , boil the oil
charles laughton is the perfect quasimodo
foreigners ?
you came yesterday , we come today
why was i not made of stone , like thee ?
hollywood masterpiece with german expressionist artwork
great actors in terrible script
has its flaws but a lot better than you might have been led to expect
563rd review : crime and punishment
this is drugs on your brain .
evil prevails
bleak , nihilistic coolness
'the counselor ' is gritty and wildly entertaining with an all-star cast .
sorry for those who liked .
but , this was neither unique nor fantastic .
evil stings and cameron sizzles !
counseling madness or badness !
convoluted does not equal complex
evil at its most audacious ! !
an ordinary fare !
a 95 % cormac mccarthy film
slow paced series of images
unbelievably average
two wrong men write fate
broadly unsatisfactory
counseling the counselor
ridley scott is better than this !
bipolar disorder
well it 's watchable and it does have it 's moments
a one-time deal , right ?
wordy , witty , or something
disappointing neo-noir from ridley scott and cormac mccarthy
a dire mess that completely misfires on every level
this counselor needs advice *
jason and aaron ... you do care ! !
complete crap
actually the best of friendberg/seltzer
worse than twilight
for twi-haters only
oddly watchable mess .
this movie pretty much sucked
picking on an easy target
give it a chance !
the title says it all .
no , just the movie
awful , but a little better than other friedberg-seltzer films
the lowlight reel
an improvement on the previous spoofs , but not saying much
further proof why jason friedberg and andy seltzer should stop making movies
rather watch twilight !
epic fail
a nutshell review : vampires suck
above average seltzer/friedberg effort
a compelling movie ; davis and crawford tear each other apart
never tire of watching it
creepy fun
sharp cheddar
sibling rivalry that spirals out of control .
child-star run amok .
bats in the belfry ...
one of the great movies about the movies
somehow , this is indeed compelling .
two great performances
robert aldrich 's oscar winning whatever happerned to baby jane ?
is the stuff of hollywood legends
din-din is served
the winner by a knockout ... ... the viewers !
sibling rivalry taken to the extreme ...
a classic of the macabre that has aged beautifully
a twisted portrait of outlandish cruelty utilizing the infamous rivalry of two great stars
how to make a thriller .
sibling jealousy , rivalry , malevolence and insanity
one of the best psychological thrillers i have ever seen
what ever happened to baby jane ?
scary ?
yeah , right !
derivative horror
different but guilty pleasure of the original 1959 film .
seat eadgy
campy fun
a horror ghost train
`` funky old house ... ai n't it ? ! ''
good performances ( ? )
and good scares .
almost as good as the original .
not quite , but almost .
the great burt lancaster in perhaps his greatest performance !
one of the better prison movies i 've seen
frankenheimer directs great lancaster performance
excellent example of a sadly lost film-making style
a seldom revived masterpiece
compelling story
nor iron bars a cage ...
why the caged bird sings
`` i guess you 're a lifer pal , just like me . ''
ai n't what these cages for .
animals ?
it really was n't what i expected
very enjoyable dark comedy
engaging comedy - carrey 's brilliance shines again
jim carry succeeds in a different type of character
brilliantly funny , makes a difference
the world needs more dark comedies like the cable guy .
an electrifying experience of jim carrey 's
this was comedy that fans of jim carrey were not ready for .
the cable guy .
very dark , very weird ... ... .not my cup of tea .
too early .
number 4 on top ten jim carrey films
funniest movie of 1996 !
betamax mabuse
one of the most under appreciated comedies of all time !
medieval times : home of the flogging larry kilgore !
cable for nothing and your guilt for free
maybe you have to be a movie buff to `` get it '' ?
someone has to kill the babysitter
unfairly underrated .
a sui generis black comedy that 's actually funny .
not horrible , but not one of carrey 's best movies .
the blackest of black comedies ... .
when the truth is found to be lies
argento 's best , scariest and most visually stunning film
cinematic diabetes
suspiria requires no introduction !
`` weird , but creepy film ! ''
the one that started it all ... for me at least .
`` bad luck is n't brought by broken mirrors , but by broken minds ''
why did i sit through that ?
uh ... a plot might have helped .
exceptional gore-fest ... . with suspense !
third time was the charm ...
worth seeing at least once
a stylish late 70 's horror movie .
the italian `` master of suspense '' at his peak ...
argento at his best .
you have just watched suspiria
disturbing movie and one really nasty death scene
`` suspiria '' - what does that title mean , anyway ?
spectacular eye candy mostly supports plot less giallo .
the visuals make this film scary .
wandering witch 's ways
the art of carnage
complain !
complain !
complain !
an inconsistent hypnosis
and i thought the wicked witch of the west was scary
overrated but worthwhile .
beautiful in visuals and creepy in depth content .
in diabolical deluxe color where available !
the first tale in the three witches trilogy .
this is still a great horror film !
dismally wretched !
beautiful and moving
a trip down nostalgia lane
sweet , endearing
the expression of depression as fun
classless version of classic children 's book
let the wild rumpus start !
wild in a for-children way ... which is fair enough .
inventive and warm .
where the wild things are is truly a masterpiece
spike jonze conjures a bizarre , disjointed film with one deadly element : interminable boredom
avoid at all costs
woof !
woof !
woof !
woof !
woof !
woof !
woof ! .
.woof !
a lightly-worn , childhood-authentic existential fable
definitely not for the young , but for the young-at-heart
better than i expected
the nostalgia of animatronics
spike jonze 's latest reminds audiences of the wild thing in all of us
you must be kidding me
i 'd still like to know where they are , actually ...
kids did not like it , slow and depressing
kids will be kids
dreamy and lucid , lovely and sad
gratefully surprised
the best film from spike jonze
haunting ... but not at all what you think it is ...
let the wild rumpus start !
amazing and touching `` wild things ''
let the wild rumpus beginning !
it 'll eat you up ; you 'll love it so
will you keep out all the sadness ?
where the wild things are
the perfect movie for spike jonze
it achieved what it was attempting to achieve
bold but beautiful risk for a children 's book adaptation
where 's the wild things ?
uneven though generally rewarding children 's fantasy
welcome to the wild !
there 's one in all of us
not necessarily a kids movie
a very beautiful movie ...
horrid .
a visual triumph but narrative mess .
would be a truly wild ride for kids ! !
a must-see for all of us as an adult
it will make you feel like a kid again .
nostalgic and heartwarming
wild and deep adaptation
deeply moving
the wild things are wildly amazing
where the wild things could have been
several things ... ( most of them words )
ambitiously unique and visually arresting
about as entertaining as watching paint drying
children 's movie about the subconscious
let the wild rumpus begin .
these things are n't wild , they 're just slightly troubled
there are no real kings .
a child 's kingdom
could easily be the best movie of the year .
jonze ' valentine to a beloved childhood classic ; top notch henson work !
disjointed , depressing , confusing , and violent .
happiness is n't always the best way to be happy .
a nutshell review : where the wild things are
not the fondly remembered , cherished work i expected
not an exciting story
my 378th review : superbly competent visuals and a good sequel
`` good sci-fi sequel ! ''
best imax 3d movie in history of imax 3d movies
tron 2.0
great visuals but awkward dialog , unfocused story and luke warm acting
well , it looks nice and shiny but ,
darker than the original
all show no fun .
a fun , entertaining , big special effects movie
too long
a good visual spectacle , but the screenplay is not very satisfactory
step backwards
tron becomes more cyber punk than retro .
marvelous movie
huge let down
a masterful , visually stunning film
a wonderful spectacle
tron : reloaded
minor hiccups , but overall dazzling
fails to capture that special something tron had
disasters of disasters
visually beautiful but ultimately empty
lost track of time
what legacy ?
an iconic film that will be remembered as a classic .
was the wait worth it ?
tron 2.0 : flashier , slicker , but effectively the same film .
does it matter ?
hardly .
trontastic ...
it 's more like a video game rather then a movie ...
masterfully visual , `` legacy 's '' production quality speeds past story weaknesses
tron : was n't worth all the hype
cocaine for the eyes
an extraordinary adventure full of great action and flashy visuals .
smart , savvy , and electrifying !
dazzling special effects save predictable , battling alter egos storyline
outstanding , but does it live up to the hype ?
better than the original and better than the reviews generally say .
tron of unanswered questions
28 years in the making .
touching spectacle
the years best , live action , disney film !
the most visually appealing film of 2010
tron 2 : electric boogaloo .
yeah , i went there .
graphically beautiful , average story
excellent light and sound show , but may otherwise be disappointing
good for 10 year old boys .
disposable but not worth hating .
more than just binary ... .
wildly entertaining through its stunning visuals
the game has changed .
unique and visually stunning , but a bit of a cohesive mess
pretty but lacking
should n't this have been called flynn legacy ?
a great sequel after so long
great film
absolutely epic !
and incredible film and a worthy sequel .
from visionary to recycling ( tv )
better than the original .
enjoyable , if the script does need work
loved this popcorn sci-fi epic ( short review )
delivers what it promises
a nutshell review : tron : legacy
a roller-coaster ride of coolness
was n't the first one bad enough ?
the blonde identity
outstandingly negligible .
splashy a-lister thriller
one whopping great ride
loud , dumb and fun , though one could expect more from shane black
one of the most impressive and most underrated action movies of the 1990 's .
the bourne identity with a feminine twist
one incredible action opus ! !
good story in need of better execution
before bourne
bourne identity with humor
charly is the queen of assassins !
old skool shooter with great dialogue - 74 %
first there was ripley , now meet charlie
the anti-formula formula
i loved this movie when i was in the fifth grade .
now , however , i am an adult .
two thirds of a good movie
rashida and andy for ever
authentic and surprising movie dealing with relationships and heartbreaks
`` celeste & jesse forever '' ( 2012 )
witty dialogue and good performances save weak narrative of dissolution of once compatible couple
an inventive romcom about setting someone free
a dawdling romance that might be a little too real
better than `` like crazy ''
a nutshell review : celeste & jesse forever
funny and appealing adventures starred by an astronaut and an extraterrestrial in a far planet
a bad animation film
animated hell .
it did n't convince me at all
outer space just got better and better for this universe !
a grade a+
cute , harmless
a lack of pretension makes this one enjoyable
not funny enough
he who sips from many cups , drinks from none .
better than i thought
animated space adventure .
they 're out there , somewhere
planet 51
a nutshell review : planet 51
it 's a rehash of a lot of other better cartoon films ...
low budget horror that redefined the genre
`` they 're coming to get you barbara ''
`` zombie horror classic ! ''
one of the greatest horror films of all time .
a landmark classic .
pretentious and boring to the modern viewer .
romero 's influential debut still retains its effects
classic !
it wo n't stay dead !
an ugly , but beautiful work of art
a definitive film of the horror genre
the movie that started it all
no where to hide .
the first real zombie film from george andrew romero .
classic low budget horror
yeah they 're dead .
they 're all messed up night of the living dead
the landmark zombie film of all time ! !
this is where the long walk began ...
the one that started it all , etc , etc , etc .
excising a childhood demon
b horror movie trappings , but a surprisingly effective classic
the start of the modern horror film
ok .
pretty good for 1968
the dead will walk ...
this movie is a classic
low budget , creepy and unique - legendary for a reason
best of the low-budget drive-in horror movies
they 're coming to get you barbara
real horror
`` everything appears to be under control ... ''
night of the actor 's studio rejects .
time has been very kind to this creepy classic
the dead has walked the earth !
a black and white masterpiece from george romero
primitive looking horror film still shocks but is no masterpiece ...
the truly first break-through horror movie .
the king of zombie cinema .
look at the budget
my favorite horror movie
one of the best horror movies ever made
a staunch reminder of romero 's genius
romero 's masterpiece of modern-day horror
enthralled in chilling entertainment .
groundbreaking and colorful rendition about greek mythology with breathtaking images and impressive battles
topless men penetrate one another for 90 minutes .
fun for the entire family .
an insult to greek mythology
*mumble mumble a magic bow mumble mumble
a very boring experience
unimaginative , lethargic and spineless ... . !
lots of cgi ...
but kinda fun ...
a film i wanted to like
not bad
more spectacle than substance ! !
cgi vomit over greek mythology
gorgeous and stunning visuals cover a chaotic , shallow story
better than i expected
a mortal dream of celestial war
makes 300 look like clash of the titans
very bad , nothing like what i was expecting
trying too hard to be stylish
if you like greek mythology ... ...
style over substance , but quite a lot of style .
swords , sandals and sheer boredom
`` fight !
for immortality ! ''
it was a entertaining flick with mythological elements but could have been better
ironically will not live long in people 's minds
`` stand your ground !
we are the children of the gods ! ``
beautiful visuals buried under a boring script and performances
somewhat silly but well-done
sterling melodrama from william wyler
the letter ( 1940 ) ***
bette at her best !
bette davis , william wyler and somerset maugham
love kills
my baby , she wrote me a letter
a rich woman 's scorn .
the line between thinking and committing murder
a sinister show
classic early kubrick
what 's the difference ?
an american masterpiece .
neat and concise
a brilliantly shot thriller that shows you all sides .
an undisputed high-water mark of american noir - kubrick kills it !
all about money ...
an immaculately made robbery movie
kubrick 's first masterpiece : a noir classic
a dollar sign in place of a heart
great crime thriller
foreshadow of things to come .
`` ai n't fair .
ai n't fair . ''
ot'shard to be a beginner in the classic genre
great heist movie
the killing caught critics ' attention and established kubrick as a director to watch .
a near perfect movie about a near perfect crime
even from the start , it was obvious that kubrick was a genius
the thick , pulpy roots of modern heist epics
even one of kubrick 's earliest films is truly something special !
`` i 'll take care of myself , that 's my specialty . ''
not to be confused with sarah lund 's jumper saga
... but there 's really no way to spoil this gem !
one of the laziest movies i have ever seen
substandard for adam sandler
good movie but too many players
feel good fluff is good on a rainy saturday , but not much new here
another atrocious `` comedy '' starring sandler
grown ups ( 2010 ) bomb
i actually liked this a lot
3 laughs in the whole movie .
entertaining , silly comedy about friendship .
works mainly because of it 's cast .
grown downs , major disappointment
classic sandler humor falls flat without plot and too many `` family moments ''
a waste of a talented cast
a missed opportunity .
sandler on the slide
a funny cast that do n't have much of a plot to work on .
could 've been so much more
oh , grow up , you idiots
weakly rambunctious sandler vehicle comes across as a tepid home movie
really ... did we expect more ?
i think it comes in under pretty standard .
bland , weak story
just go camping
consistent with the laughs but not worth the cinema price
totally stupid
a nutshell review : grown ups
absorbing drama
slow , wishy washy disappointment
excellent crime drama
authenticity and surprise in a gritty thriller
the white will perk you up
writer/director 's moral relativism dilutes engaging look at austrian underworld
revenge comes in unexpected ways
very well-executed complicated intertwining of 4 lives
good choices , bad choices
dull boring , very poor editing.nice scenery though .
i ca n't stop looking at the damn photo .
the first half is great , the second half is just okay
flyin ' high
best family movie so far of the year
good but expectations too high
a worthy sequel ; good stuff
when summer movies are good , they are really good ! ! ! ! !
another great experience
heroes are made in most unexpected circumstances .
a great sequel to a great first film
good but lacking
groundbreaking animation and a great spiritual story .
i liked how to train your dragon 2 almost as much as its predecessor
good but not as great as the first part
not as good as the original , but still a fun sequel
almost as grand as the first
a spoiler-free review
fine continuation of franchise
the added oomph just tears the film apart
an exhilarating and emotional roller-coaster ride
better than the first movie
some wasted ideas ...
what a great sequel
trust me ; this animated sequel is too good to miss !
more emotionally powerful than its predecessor. ! ! ! ! ! ! !
thrilling , emotional and extremely thoughtful
another story
great movie that improves on its characters and further develops its characters ,
how to train your dragon 2
the heart of a chief and the soul of a dragon
all blood , gore & violence but no story
defeated the whole purpose of the first black christmas ... a real disappointment
a slap in the face for fans of the original .
a good and fun remake , though mediocre at times
enjoy , but do n't take seriously !
prepare for the ultimate slay ride
absolute garbage
another dreary remake of a classic
you could do a lot worse ; you could be watching the original
`` i 'm not dreaming of a black christmas ... ''
wooh !
another remake ...
not as bad .
do n't think about the original , take this for what it is ...
ho-ho-ho horror redux of a cult classic
carrey 's best performance
rather ordinary
amazing tale
the best movie i 've ever seen .
andy kaufman : a man of vision , humor , and balls .
bizarre , eccentric , and brilliant .
bizarre but good
some will love it !
some will hate it !
kaufman 's career in one movie
great acting from carrey but nothing new about kaufman
absolute genius !
carrey was robbed of an oscar for this !
andy , we hardly knew ya , thank goodness !
carrey 's remarkable performance makes this film work ...
wait .
read all of this re man on the moon .
carrey in his best role but what was the point ?
i just do n't get it
an astonishing capsule of russian history
all in one breath
splendid work of art in achieving the impossible , but hampered by director 's ego
solid but hollow
it 's a crummy commercial
mood piece and spectacle
the floating eye
the film equivalent of the biggest ball of twine in minnesota .
an exercise in virtuosity but no emotions
`` this ark will sail forever ''
beautiful , as well as highly original of course .
technically astonishing
beautiful , yet somewhat shallow
a review of the director 's cut
the old ultra violence .
the gangs of new york
walter hill 's best film .
an absolute classic .
warriors , come out to play
still good
all right , but dated .
more than a movie to me
very good 70s crime-thriller with some tip-top moments .
needs better violence
one of the worst movies i have seen
the raw stuff
much better than i thought it would be - 80 %
`` warriors ... warriors !
come out and play-ee-ayyy ! ''
a really fun , cheesy suspense flick
streets of rage
entertaining , but no classic
if you do n't love this movie then your a socio path
the long journey back home
ultra-stylish and darkly visioned fantasy
dated , but great gang film
great gang film
`` you 're standing with nine guys , .
from a hundred gangs ''
straight , simple and pretty realistic !
great movie and fun to watch late at night
a brilliant cult movie that saw the 70s off
gay film
generic , overly sentimental ball movie
`` one of redford 's best ! ''
it 's a natural drama about baseball
naturally great !
sentimental schmaltz
a classic !
natural sinner become winner
a long and meandering road for young roy hobbs .
from farmboy to shining knight with a 'wonderboy ' at his side !
fantastic baseball movie !
`` i came here to play ball . ''
the natural
sea of love is a great erotic thriller that will keep you guessing .
heavy breather-cum-murder mystery ... a bit overheated
floating in a sea of love
an engrossing erotic-thriller !
pacino is terrific !
an excellent though pathetic thriller
`` do you remember the night we met ?
`` ; sea of love : 7/10
lonely hearts killer
i remember sea of love -
an entertaining movie with a sloppy and insulting conclusion
`` the babe who wore red '' ( dvd )
excellent commentary on the vicissitudes of excessive drunkeness
`` good price horror flick ! ''
you wo n't fall for this house of usher
house of usher ( 1960 ) ***
first of the corman/poe films delivers the goods
the first and still the best ...
poe would be proud
see to the crypt , will you ... ?
fall and rise ...
corman , price , and matheson unite for the first time
subdued and melancholy shocker .
who would expect this from roger corman ?
a fine film , possibly the best of the corman-poe cycle
intelligent and magnificent comedy
the first few seasons are very funny , but then ... .
clever show
the greatest sitcom in history !
the show was master of it 's domain !
the funniest sit-com ever !
the greatest tv-series ever made .
best written sitcom ever
the finale
best show ever
`` i 'm speechless .
i have no speech . ''
the perfect example of equilibrium in humorist sitcoms .
`` it 's gold jerry ...
gold ! ''
i do n't believe it will ever be topped in the comedy genre
best show ever !
incest 's become relatively boring
an ensemble cast involved in a disappointing film
a decent comedy !
101 introduction to mainstream movie clichés
nowhere near as bad as it is made out to be
a wedding you wo n't forget
a fun , raunchy , feel good comedy about a messed up family
burdened not by badness but by interchangeability
just how did this get made ?
a great cast that deserved much better ,
a nutshell review : the big wedding
beautiful but vacuous
bellucci full of grace
it 's just soooo italian ...
she must be some kind of siren ...
we grow up on dreams and then dream to grow .
sad , moving and beautiful
the burden of beauty
unpretentious innocent romance of the early life
hell hath no fury like relentless gossip .
another movie for men , by men , about a woman ( supposedly )
amazing accomplishment .
fantasy of a w_a_n_k_e_r ( dvd )
movie filmed with an honest sensuality ! ! !
stylish and sexy
how could anyone not like and respect this film !
506th review : decent war flick
quite a solid action film
top notch film
well-meaning , anti=terrorist propaganda
a poor action film that could be argued as propaganda .
`` act of valor '' is shameless propaganda .
a movie for mindless jingos .
damn good lessons from the us navy seals
nice action , but that 's just about it .
scuppered by the absence of acting
the most realistic action film i seen in a while .
good intentions , poor delivery
the new definition of trendy
actless vapors
best movie ever made ...
stick with tom clancy
a great tribute to our troops , but not the best film
movie that is inspired by fps games done right
skill and bravery : navy seals
if this is any good , than so is a chuck norris flick .
not the best movie , but good .
`` all of our focus is on the mission . ''
simply amazing !
act of valor
a very cool action movie to watch with unique filmmaking
a nutshell review : act of valor
adrian lyne 's bunny-boiling blockbuster .
dumb movie , except for the part with the rabbit .
`` great 80 's thriller ! ''
words can not describe how good this movie is !
a forest to stay out of , if you catch my drift .
piece of work
yikes !
bunny 's in some real hot water now !
one of the time-capsule movies that should 've been discarded by the 90s
two ships that collide in the night
affairs can be fatal !
not prescient anymore
a simple yet complex psychological thriller
for my money , the best picture of 1987 ... .
hmmm , this movie gave me a very bad idea
a hot jennifer aniston with a potty mouth ?
sign me up
stop the presses !
a funny comedy for adults
consistently amusing throughout .
a comedy about murder ... .
a laugh-producing machine .
awful film with a corrupt imdb rating
horrible leads can 's bosses .
vulgar and unfunny
fast and crazy hilarity
bateman/spacey conflict easily better than the other stories .
a fun and silly comedy
not very memorable , but entertaining
*****in mother****** of a c*******er film
probably worth seeing for some decent laughs
nice comedy ...
clever premise lost in translation .
mildly entertaining but fairly forgettable
the actors really make this shine .
a comedy that 's far from horrible
politically incorrect but above-average hilarity
wickedly entertaining !
killer concept and comic chemistry make for far from `` horrible ''
one of the best comedies of the year !
sporadic , stupid , not funny enough
getting back to business
another work-themed disappointing outing from jason bateman
horrible bosses ( 2011 ) - i really hate my boss so much !
puts the hangover to shame .
a breath of fresh air to the r-rated comedy genre
9 2 5 2
this is jennifer aniston 's best work !
hitchcock hitch-not
a fun dark comedy that gives you what you 'd expect
ever wish your boss were dead ?
one of the few good 2011 comedies
hilarious !
bosses , though horrible , effortlessly steal the show
probably the best comedy for summer 2011
not a horrible movie ( screen )
has n't everyone wished harm to a horrible boss ?
not a bad movie !
raunchy comedy that is actually funny at times
same tone as the hangover , funny though .
unexpectedly hilarious and original comedy ,
misery 's no life , but it makes for a hilarious movie
horrible bosses
a nutshell review : horrible bosses
uneven , but day and aniston are hilarious
witnessing on screen ultimate generosity ... a gem ...
brilliant ocasr contender from last year .
soap as art
missed opportunity ; no kleenex needed
brilliant performances in implausible melodrama
fun to see how it all fits together
a remarkable achievement
a wonderfully intense masterpiece of storytelling !
surprising revelations drive a powerfully acted contemporary danish melodrama
he should have kept his eyes wide open all the time
joe pesci rocks !
hilarious comedy from the early 90s !
my cousin vinny is a brilliantly well written comedy .
solid , sharp , charming !
masterpiece of comedy !
brilliant comedy all around
bursting with guido charm
possible the funniest movie i have ever seen
joe pesci can be funny .
marisa tomei can ... win an oscar ?
a terrific film !
pesci & tomei are brilliant !
my cousin silly
excellent comedy
pesci at his best hour !
good funny comedy with wit and intelligence .
a good showcase of the north and south culture wars !
one of my favorite comedies
some great moments in a sea of mediocrity
one of my family favorites from childhood that never gets old
a solid comic screenplay and a near perfect cast make this one sparkle ...
pesci at his best
funny film
joe pesci brings a lot of life in to a very simple character ,
my cousin vinny
pesci 's fish out of water story .
he actually survives .
cat got my tongue .
no , really , i 'm not kidding ...
overall , it is a very enjoyable stephen king adaptation .
`` kind of strange ! ''
the best thing i liked about this movie were the cats
admit it , this was fun
a silly , strange horror premise is actually fun to watch .
a good example of why stephen king rarely writes directly for the screen .
very weird story
cats are good
not bad , but feels like a tv movie
the corpse who loved cat dancing
the cat in the hat goes splat
calling all cats ... hurry , hurry to the scene of the crime ...
very good if depressing
an excess of freedom
let it snow ! ! !
let is snow !
see the show !
powerful , simple .
unforgettable .
there are good people snow angels
heartbreaking , tragic and sensational .
indie veteran green unifies multi-plot relationship drama with excellent subtlety
atmospheric indie drama
dourly predictable monotony .
a very sad but excellent independent film
snow angels
hard to watch but worth paying the price
tragic , haunting masterpiece !
stands somewhat isolated as a poetric trace of the seemingly doomed life force of youth
heartbreaking yet consuming slice of american tragedy .
i expected better , but it 's still a good film
unfunny , un'heartwarming ' and all round ungood ( and also predictable )
are family get togethers really this happy
nothing real about this life
the old bait and switch
one of the best romantic comedies of the year
a rich man 's `` the family stone ''
dan in real life
romantic comedy with an awkward family focus
nothing real about it
junk food for the screen
what 's real about it ?
scoring in an open goal
carell is brilliant .
pity about the rest of the movie
an intelligent comedy with a conscience
great family comedy , enjoyed it more than i thought i was
a must-see dvd
not your typical steve carell comedy
comedy ?
no , but a good , somber drama ...
carrying the torch
live for the surprise
a cute movie with good performances by steve carrel and juliet binoche
steve carell 's most disastrous failure so far ?
a funny , sweet film ...
like me in real life
slow-paced , predictable 'tearjerker '
successful ( and sweet ) romantic comedy
cute and clean ... and dane cook is actually bearable
a lesson in romantics
carell matures in a warm and winning ensemble comedy about coming to terms
dan is real life
dan in reel life .
`` life ... love and the pursuit of happiness ''
one of those nice comedies that deserves more viewing in the future
dan in irony
sweet and relatable !
surprisingly funny little movie
likable .
lovely , lovely , lovely
dan is a little too real
very depressing but at the same time very funny ,
sorry steve carell is an acquired taste & is too bland for me
not massively original , but it is entertaining
a surprisingly enjoyable and charming comedy
family-quality rom-com
great acting , research and details make a great film
a masterpiece , shot beautifully and grips you all the way
the passion of the christ is an extremely emotionally charged film .
graphic .
i must admit .
faithful , gripping , amazing .
a great story with no apparent ending -
i 'm glad i watched it , but ...
just okay
the most beautiful story ever told
highly recommended , regardless of one 's religious faith
a remarkable recreation of christ 's crucifixion
the most hokiest movie to come along in a long time
so much potential squandered ...
gibson 's passion apparent
wha 's the big deal ?
watch him suffer ! !
what is cool about this movie is that it is in two different dead languages
w.w.j.d .
if he saw hollywood glorify his torture and his death ?
`` an excruciatingly graphic and relentlessly brutal , harrowing masterpiece ''
without words , by the end of the movie ...
passionate as they come !
you are there .
passion of the christ
jesus as a man .
violent but not vulgar
gibson 's passion and spirit
mel gibbson 's direction and attention to detail moderately saves a bad script .
the most anti-semitic film i have ever seen !
powerfully moving !
atheist notes
a great piece of art from any point of view
a proof that this movie is in no way anti-semitic ! !
this must have been tremendously difficult for gibson to make .
religious snuff film ...
a special motion picture
perhaps the most graphic and powerful film one will ever see .
i was blown away !
great visually stunning period piece
too much controversy , too little inspiration
the worst movie i 've seen this year thus far .
the masterpiece is done
probably the greatest movie made about my redeemer
gratuitous violence does not give it a higher meaning
to hell and back
not good let alone great
the bashin ' of the christ .
well made .
powerful and disturbing .
an r18+ would have been better not an ma 15+ .
religious , atheist , agnostic , it does n't matter
important film .
gripping & terrifying .
the best movie so far this year .
sunday bloody sunday
let this film bless who it will and offend who it will ...
gratuitous violence , powerful iconisation , dubious moral content
`` the gospel according to the marquis de sade ``
a masterpiece !
no context
worst movie i have ever seen
could have been so much worse .
mature , well-crafted , brilliantly acted
a good horror movie
garbage .
exorcist : the beginning ( 2004 ) **
inferior prequel to exorcist
the best since the first
chickens ... and uncreative studio heads
we 've come a long way from split pea soup
full of potential , but comes up empty .
captain howdy 's in it for the cash .
a lot better than given credit for .
unnecessary prequel to the exorcist
before regan and merrin met
further proof that bile-spewing critics would benefit most from exorcism ...
could it be ... satan ?
the one that should have gone direct to dvd instead
i watched it because i felt that it was an obligation ...
the power of christ compels you ... not to bother with this one .
at least it 's better than the two sequels
darkly atmospheric , but not scary .
it was panned , but its still good !
the turtles trip over there success and they cant get up
does n't even deserved to be a movie .
the film that almost killed the franchise ...
the installment that destroyed the franchise
almost there
feast of loving
bloated feast
hold you feet to the fire ... it 's fun !
is love number one or number two ?
a rare gem
really a feast of love ! !
greg kinnear could n't hold a woman if his life depended on it .
depressingly bad
will smith is incredible ! !
i am thrilled
i am disappointed
i am unsure , about `` i am legend ''
i am impressed
wonderful smith , well-directed thriller
simply rubbish
cgi : new york
entertaining enough , so give it a shot
not much fun
cgi disaster !
watchable , but not great .
potential to be more .
recurring legend
well thought and well made
not a bad flick but hardly a faithful adaptation
it had potential , but it never really came together .
pretty bad , not sure what will smith was thinking
the definitive sounds of silence
i am mediocre movie
well acted and genuinely eerie
just do n't expect shakespeare people..
i am legend is cheesy and relatively dull in my opinion
`` duh ! , its a genre flick ! ''
a decent science fiction
to all those who bagged this movie out : it was entertaining .
nothing new
new perspective on the last human
smith saves flawed vision of apocalypse
i remember a time when action movies had action .
nice effort but mediocre script
spectacular , amazing , but just not all that interesting
i am legend ( 2007 ) **1/2
will smith saves the world
from omega to will
an isolated thriller
a letdown
`` god did n't do this ; we did ''
i am not legend !
not as scary as hoped ; best part - will smith
after a long development period and some atrocious cgi .
`` i am legend '' barely leaves an impression .
what if you were the last person left alive , surrounded by monsters
one of the most powerful and gripping sci-fi thrillers in years .
it should have been called `` i am will smith ''
will smith is superb in this intense , post-apocalyptic blockbuster
no way near as legendary as i 'd hoped
one of will smith 's best performances ever ! ! !
a different type of horror/action movie
a movie that did n't fulfill my expectations
the first half was excellent .
myth and legend
no need for seats
i am legend fails to stand up to name
worth a look , but lacking in areas .
thoughtful , unsettling and subdued ... . a zombie horror with a difference
good for its genre
i am legend
pretty much an empty shell
they only come out at night .
not the real `` i am legend '' ...
did they even bother reading the book ?
( spoliers of both book and movie revealed )
lawrence has potential
i am a let down ?
an apocalyptic , thoughtful thrill-ride
sci-fi with a different plot than typical ...
`` i am legend '' may not be for the kiddies
will smith is the man !
light up the darkness
great legend
somewhat truer adaptation of the two previous adaptations of `` i am legend '' .
should have been better/nothing like the book
dark knight did it for me ... this did n't
smart movie about the world ending
legendary this movie is not
solid , but really awkward at times
forget the theatrical version , watch the alternate ending
i am man !
sombre , chillingly effective sci-fi
pointless remake # 257
daddy look , a butterfly i am legend
kibbles and vampire bits
smith success !
i am legend is a rare treat , so enjoy it ! !
not enough substance , but it was still very entertaining .
less than stellar .
best film of 2007 !
an interesting update of `` the omega man '' ...
i am entertainment
will the remakes ever cease ?
it seems zombie dogs will be around after we 're all gone
amazing movie until the ending
will smith .
astonishing performance .
dunno why this movie became such a hit
definitely not a legend ...
i am , well , a rip-off really
i am disappointing
a great movie
i am overrated
strong film that falls a little short near the end
smith lands on top of the box office for the 7th consecutive time .
third adaptation of matheson 's novel
smith is brilliant .
smith assures his `` legend '' ary status
good , but could have been even better
has nothing on the last man on earth
boe_dye 's infectious review > 8^p
a bit conventional but with extraordinary visuals
a man and his dog living in an abandoned nyc
emtional , but flawed sci-fi
yet another over-hyped piece of crap , but who expected anything better ?
a very irregular , unique movie
certainly this omega man remake falls flat
tasteless and maybe pointless
surprisingly good , albeit flawed , `` legend ''
a daily comment from midget emma : i am legend ( 2007 )
three cheers for the mutants !
best movie of the year ! ! ! ! ! !
i am what i listen .
i am bob marley
one man show !
nice update of a classic sci fi piece
great special effects & premise - mediocre delivery .
i am walking ... .
fantastic !
not the best but certainly not the worst
adequate movie , but lacking something vital ...
last man on earth meets zombies
this movie is more than a legend .
its a masterpiece .
an engrossing and scary post apocalyptic thriller .
one of the best films of 2007 !
alright movie ... ... could have been better
a pretty ordinary film with a few highlights .
apocalyptic poetry
the quiet earth meets 28 days later
one day some scientist is going to screw us .
whole new meaning to concrete jungle ...
exceeded my expectations ; well-made and well-acted entertainment with some flaws
good thrills and chills..
interesting social commentary ...
not the stuff that legends are made of
disappointing , soul less , remake
should of been called , are you serious ?
the man who dreaded sundown
really disappointed
smith may be legendary , the film is not .
little too remember ...
`` i am legend '' is working because of will smith
will smith and production values save this from 'crappy ' remake status .
legend it is ... .
alice braga
will smith saves the world - again ...
an excellent vehicle for star will smith
falls rather flat ... ...
could have been better ... ... ... ..
the last man on earth is not alone
smith can act !
oh my !
mysterious and enjoyable
too depressing a story
i am not legend
not so good like the trailer
good until the ending
a half baked story ruins the film 's chances of being legendary
fantastic revamping of a familiar story ...
late alterations damage a well-intentioned adaptation
`` we are his legacy .
this is his legend .
light up the darkness . ''
a good evocation of a catastrophe and derelict major city
a movie that manages to keep your mouth open until the end credits start rolling
post-apocalyptic films will always appease audiences
just another one of the bunch .
from the legendary writer richard matheson ( dvd )
a great effort that does n't quite hit the spot ...
surprisingly good
a great horrifying and depressing journey of a man 's faith in his kind
i am waste of time and money
not the worst zombie movie , but ...
will smith strikes again
i am clueless !
good not great .
i am legend is wil smith 's castaway
remake of a remake , but still ok
from someone who read the book 's review
`` the night creatures vs the last man on earth ``
if see it you must , see it on the biggest screen you can find
... will smith 's da man ... ... ... ...
move over `` the stand '' - i am legend is in town
yes you are will smith ,
i saw this only because i like the star will smith
two thirds of it are absolutely brilliant
i am bored
zombies , again
awful film
fairly enjoyable but really just a glossier hollywood version of 28 days later
excellent !
another remake gone bad
i am lame
shame on the neocon evangelical marketing weenies who made this .
solid cat-and-mouse game
effective , old-school cop thriller
an fairly well-made suspenseful action/thriller .
first-class stallone thriller
one of stallone 's very few good movies
a good concept fails to follow through
eerily prophetic , and stallone 's best performance ever
quite good !
denzel washington deserved his oscar nomination .
one of spike lee 's best movies , featuring one of denzel 's best performances
there are issues here that i do n't buy
one of the top 10 films of all time .
malcom x
the denzel washing show
denzel washington is fantastic as malcom x !
do n't listen to yevgeny bazarov
an entertaining biopic
malcolm in the shizzle
strong denzel performance !
an important film
does a good job with handling its subject .
malcolm big
an excellent biopic about a civil rights icon
night of the alien body snatchers
lifefarce .
a gift to the genre , not
aliens clone stillborn
classics revisited ...
a cult scifi film - a prophetic movie must see
one of the most bizarre and fascinating movies of the 1980 's .
cheap and exploitative - to be only enjoyed ironically !
1980 's space schlock
`` lifeforce '' ( 1985 ) review
crazy mix of campy vampire sci-fi
a great movie from my childhood
uneven , but not bad overall
vampires and zombies in london
not that bad , far as i can remember
a bonkers hoot
too many unanswered questions
cookie-cutter conundrum of spies making lies
around the world and back with jason statham
one restricted to undemanding adolescents from 16 to 60
despite some hyperkinetic action , a surprisingly old-fashioned thriller ...
it 's more than just about good versus bad .
not boring , but a mediocre action film
a compelling and nicely balanced action thriller
great cast ... shame the plot was n't up to it ...
statham is the best thing about killer elite
the bank job 2
could 've been so much more ...
excellent action movie - but statham is overshadowed by his co-stars
a sizzling jason statham shoot'em up
a conspiracy or action film , this movie ca n't decide..
finally , a good action movie
everything a jason statham movie is expected to be
an action flick that takes itself too seriously
very good action thriller
gritty action movie !
killer elite
a nutshell review : killer elite
decent enough spy/espionage action thriller
a beautiful and elegant romantic movie .
overly reserved
a modern love story
lovely , if testing the bounds of coherence
nothing special ...
good cinematography does n't make a good film
great romantic movie , if you are in the mood for it
a reverse love-story .
a rare and intimate masterpiece
r.i.p .
robin williams , mickey rooney , and the night at the museum franchise .
enjoyable enough ; not great
disappointing !
robin williams ' final film performance
excellent !
increasing self-awareness makes up for a creative sputtering
about the same has the first two .
robin williams bids us an emotional goodbye
third time is ( barely ) the charm
a touching finale to a great series of family films ,
the ghosts of writers past ... .
great filmmaking from polanski - tho 's shame it is n't more gripping
pace too slow and too long running time
has an amazing atmosphere but grows tiresome quickly
tv drama
solid suspense/mystery
less of a thriller , more of an intriguer
fiction less interesting than truth
polanski 's still excellent after nearly 50 years of filmmaking .
many questions throughout .
some come off in a good way , others are not as successful .
clever fun
a perfect and absolutely fascinating thriller
too unbelievable twist on contemporary history
positive and negative aspects of a classic recipe
chinatown it ai n't
pleasant but predictable
-- movie blurb .
nifty edgy filmmaking
clunky if appealing thriller
a thriller in want of heavier subplots
subtle , human and stringent
has polanski made the perfect movie ?
too much back to basics
not great but extremely entertaining
right words , wrong order
a great thriller in the tradition of hitchcock ( and rosemary 's baby )
one of the years best .
an intriguing thriller
impressive on every level
the film tells to little in too much time
polanski 's misogyny
polanski deserves some positive headlines for this slowly unraveling thriller
possibly polanski 's most mainstream film .
polanski is the ghost film maker
superb political thriller
this should have been considered for the oscars
our democracy unmasked
polanski adapts hack novelist 's work to advance anti-american agenda
like the old polanski
the fragility of the ghost
could have been better , but it 's still good
a professional thriller
one very elegant movie
an atmospheric delight
behind the curtain
polanski combines politics , paranoia and hitchcockian touches for an intriguing thriller
polanski is masterful even while tripping up in small ways
good mystery/thriller
the ghost story
intelligent , gripping political thriller with pitch perfect performances ...
polanski is back !
a striking , glib and convincing work of technique and not gimmick
simply a good thriller .
polanski returns to top-notch film-making with a slow-burn conspiracy thriller
a cold and gray day
my cup of tea !
if we meet any terrorists , i 'll text you
tightly spun high tension thriller , right as it should be
old-fashioned noir , beautifully crafted for modern audiences
promising setup that amounts to nothing much
masterful suspense thriller courtesy of polansi
excellent film taken from an excellent best selling novel .
i 'm aging .
this place is shangri-la in reverse .
`` ghost '' muster
a nutshell review : the ghost writer
intriguing but forgettable political thriller
yawner for a sci-fi movie
you must use your imagination ... .
had good ideas however fell short
not a waste of time .
a poor sci-fi film
in the future , time is a currency
spent time ...
we 'll see if we can get back some of that time
on the line ? ...
not what i expected
wasted time ... ...
hey buddy , can you spare some time ?
marxist sci-fi
time out for exposition
time out , please ...
the concept is so thoughtful and elaborate that it affects the storytelling
interesting premise , enjoyable film
awesomely bad !
or maybe just awesome ?
eh , worth the rental
out of time
robin hood : men in time
take the time to think about this movie
ridiculously bad script
great look , interesting concept
genius concept falls into the gaping plot holes
great start , decent follow-through .
ott plot , but at least they tired
time really is money .
well it had potential ... still not a bad movie
if you just had the time .
got a minute ?
just about what it should be , and lives up to realistic expectations
in time
inspired idiocy
the naked file from police squad : a tribute to the late leslie nielsen
side-splitting funny - nielson at some of his best !
champagne comedy
it was easy my dear .
you forget i spent two years as a building contractor .
fun spoof
greatest comedy series ever ! !
royally hilarious .
one of the best spoofs ever made .
the naked gun is leslie neilsons 2nd best comedy .
hilarious slapstick
one of the most funniest movies ever
leslie nielsen rocks !
nielsen takes charge of another zucker , abrahams and zucker gem
the first part in the naked gun-series
zany , madcap , tex avery noir
surely , you can never be serious
`` ... sexual assault with a concrete dildo ? ! ''
`` one man 's trash is another man 's treasure ! ''
cancelled on tv , the `` police squad ! ''
a comedy classic !
leslie nielsen at his very best
rather funny spoof spawned from the short lived television show .
nifty nuttiness
`` that 's why i went to beirut ... to relax . ''
one of my all time favourite comedies ,
ben affleck fights terrorists , audience cracks up
the sum of all my fears
when morgan freeman 's character departs , so does the film
james cromwell as president ?
need we say more
even worse because it is so full of itself .
it has moments , but it 's a pastiche and an insult
meet the young jack ryan
unbelievable patchwork of trailer clips .
one half star of 4 .
a declicate brush stroke in this espionage thriller
urban renewal in baltimore !
the sum of familiar sequences
worth a rent .
weak plots and murder godfather style
to 'sum ' it up ... ( with dvd details )
political war science fiction is always propaganda
a daily comment from midget emma : the sum of all fears ( 2002 )
all of some fears
decent , flawed clancy adaptation
pearl harbor all over again .
the worst film of the year so far * out of five
ford power
anyone want to buy some tom clancy novels ?
in a state of war ... information and communication is everything
subtracted by its author ( dvd )
probably the weakest of all the jack ryan films to date .
mindless and rather tasteless nuclear bomb story
not jack ryan 's finest hour , but still an enjoyable thriller ,
classic sci-fi shocker has rickles in one of his best roles
visionary ...
top-notch roger corman
a classic after more than fifty years
before the trip , there was x !
`` with these eyes , i can see to the edge of the universe ``
now see here ...
where would you be looking at ?
honestly ?
one of the best recent horror movies
waited ten years to see it ...
the sound of torture
odishon ( audition )
sick but good
watch the last 10 minutes .
the rest is pointless .
yeah .
just keep watching .
one of the horror horror films made
methodical brutality
easily one of the 90 's best horror films
one of the best disturbing films ever
`` audition '' - a perfect nightmare come true
strange film from the strange takashi miike
miike 's most mature film to date .
a japanese master of horror
an asian dish designed for western consumption
do n't pass up this `` audition ''
hits that nerve down deep ...
looks can be deceiving
another masterpiece from takashi miike , possibly the most fascinating auteur working today
originality really makes this movie .
creepy , disturbing and realistic
landmark horror movie
kiri kiri kiri kiri kiri kiri !
very creepy and shocking
very disappointing
austere and brutal drama
very disappoint
viking violence
tiff 09 : the boy said he was from hell valhalla rising
mads mikkelsen speaks without saying a word
great scenery , the rest is questionable
so agonizingly slow
great wee film !
beautiful scenery , interesting filming , opaque meaning
and i knew i had lost my way .
pretentious , obtuse , but well filmed and acted
real camaraderie in a violent fugue-state world
not what you might be expecting
the valhalla gates are open , but the gods are sleeping
was this movie supposed to be science fiction ?
tense powerful crime and brilliance from eastwood
absolute power corrupts absolutely
running scared ... then a 180*
eastwood delivers absolutely .
interesting but a little weak
great cast + compelling plot = mediocre movie ( and why ) *mild spoiler*
tight , tense thriller
a solid thriller with a message
much cry and little wool
power & sex-absolutely ***1/2
if the birds do n't get them , the lung cancer will .
slow start , good conclusion
scared me as a kid .
i got one thing to say about this movie ...
a hitchcock masterpiece
pretty average , minus the intensity .
fun movie
the master of suspense indeed .
what a picture
violent , mystic masterpiece of psychological horror
a feather in hitch 's cap .
tilted terror
a strange tale
birds of a feather kill together .
fussy chickens
not hitchcock 's finest hour
hitchcock 's last true classic
wings of desire .
mesmerising , ingenious , wildly original piece of melodramatic cinema
the master of suspense
the birds attack !
a murder most 'fowl '
great ...
creating terror from common birds
fly away
the worst of hitchcock
no explanations
visceral terror and freudian psychodrama meld seamlessly in hitchcock masterwork
do n't look up or down , birds fly amok !
as it 's wing flying terror in hitchcock 's visual masterpiece .
suspense landmark
another masterpiece from hitchcock , the closest he ever got to making a horror film
`` the birds '' has always been one of my lesser favorites from hitchcock
so many birds , so few answers ...
hitchcock defines a genre ... ... twice !
what is it you most fear ?
a good nature goes berserk movie .
perhaps the only real horror movie hitchcock ever did .
keep watching the skies
an unforgetful hitchcock classic ,
i keep telling you , this is n't 'a few birds ' !
these are gulls , crows , swifts ... !
intense and obscurely frightening
birds do n't just go around attacking people , do they ?
creepy little flick
lavish biopic
`` repent , harlequin ! ''
said the ticktockman
a remarkable movie about the greatest man of the century .
stunning autobiographic film !
attenborough 's shining attribute as a filmmaker .
ca n't relate to the sensibilities
what can one man do ?
solid history lesson
gandhi above average story , not really a biography
conventional but solid biopic , with an immortal central performance
almost perfect
`` gandhi '' allows room for the power of its title character to captivate
ben kingsley , one of the all-time greats
mesmerising biopic
grand epic from attenborough and human scale epic from kingsley
workmanlike biography of india 's great religious leader
a true and wonderful biography
long , but worth watching
intense film about a peaceful man !
glamorous and epic
a masterpiece
excellent biopic
takes too long to crumble
`` he 's so full of twists .
he starts to describe a donut and it comes out a pretzel . ''
the fortune cookie ( 1966 ) ***1/2
racism : bad .
misogyny : good !
but matthau is brilliant
turner classic found semi-gloss gem here
you can fool some of the people some of the time , but ... .
an extraordinarily entertaining billy wilder comedy
`` when they build a better mouse trap , .. .
the mice get smarter ``
simply a great film bettered by great acting
unbelievably brutal and emotionally draining .
this is not to be missed !
inside delivers ! ... no pun intended
uninvolving but superior gore-fest
sick and scary
the best horror movie in years .
a brilliant horror film
inside ( 2007 ) **1/2
gory but a disappointing mess
the sickest film i 've seen in a long time .
a disturbing horror movie not to be missed .
bloody slasher mixing with realism .
one of the scariest and most powerful horror films ever made
i think it 's a tad overrated but still great
extreme , bloody , and violenly good , horror fans must watch
hell hath no fury , like a french horror director !
do n't try this at home ! ! !
higher tension ? ? ?
... not quite .
the monstrous feminine
infernal regions of human torment
a near-great horror-fest from french first-time directors
my favourite horror film
dark french gore horror delivers
gives horror movies a bad name..
i killed my mother !
surprisingly good
too extreme but it deserves credit
pay it forward carries a great and important message .
one movie that everybody needs to see and learn from .
the pyramid scheme
decent movie
forward this review !
bullies you into feeling the feelers
kevin spacey rules
warm and beautiful story that will stay in your heart
life is pain
`` whatever works '' works .
whatever .
are you kidding me ?
a bit undernourished for a woody allen movie ...
my 355th review : woody 's 1977 script makes it good
a dork in new york
welcome back to new york , woody ! !
( sort of )
it 's a shame
unspectacular comedy , with some good lines and funny moments .
mediocre and tedious
sometimes 'whatever works ' works and sometimes it does n't
the meaning of things
if i had seen the unseen then i saw it here .
well-made and funny ; allen 's smartest movie
works for me1
yet another typical woody allen film
whatever works works quite well
no , does n't work really
when woody met larry ...
real men of genius
it works
refreshingly original
nice work !
`` i 'm not a likable guy ... ''
a trip back to vintage '70s woody allen that 's almost convincing
back in the big apple
woody allen is back in manhattan and 'whatever works ' actually works unexpectedly well
minor-league allen turns into a familiar roundelay of comic shenanigans
whatever whatever is , it works .
: )
great fun for woody allen fans
anything you would ever hope from either of the two comic masters .
it works .
is at times depressing and also at times hilarious ,
this is a pure fantasy .
it is also charming & delightful .
a nutshell review : whatever works
whatever works ... but this certainly does n't !
slick and violent , but still original
an excellent and underrated gangster film/film noir/crime drama .
brilliant crime drama
mediocre black-humoured mobster flick
an american classic
quirky offbeat 90 's gangster thriller
give it a name - it fails to do what the sopranos did so well
a strong piece of work that has sadly been confused for a ripoff
solid crime drama
slick stylization of the familiar mobster movie .
a pinnacle of pulp fantasy
this is a great movie
my favorite indiana jones film !
obtainer of rare antiquities
`` good underrated adventure ! ''
in some light , the best indiana jones movie .
funny indy adventure !
anything goes !
an underrated indiana jones adventure
the best of the first 3 indys .
much darker than raiders
weakest of the indiana jones movies
if classic has a name , it 's temple of doom
`` you betrayed shiva ''
not nearly as satisfying as its predecessor
a disaster saved by a wonderful setting and a selection of memorable thrills
`` you 're gon na get killed chasing after your damn fortune and glory ''
pretty poor
failure of the film in uneven , schizophrenic tone
sensational action adventure with 3 particularly great characters
indiana jones strikes back !
not the first film
`` aw shut up , willie ! ''
`` darker '' was better ...
a great sequel
indy in a more dark adventure .
hungry ?
not bad 2nd indy movie
quite dark , that 's true , but also an irresistible ride
a superbly exciting and hilarious adventure
not that bad ...
my favorite of the indiana jones series .
inconsistent yet vastly entertaining and intriguingly experimental adventure romp
may be the weakest , but it still delivers .
almost an insult
second indiana jones installment is like a long , fun thrill ride
indiana jones 's greatest adventure !
anything goes & this goes to normal jones fare
a very underrated sequel to the classic film .
great adventure but questionable morality
indiana jones and the suicidial worshipers of kali ma
a slight let-down , but nonetheless still a good indiana jones
a huge stepdown from raiders
`` mola ram , prepare to meet kali ...
in hell ! ''
a child 's dream of masculinity
no raiders , but still awesome
shorty , where 's my razor ?
words do n't describe how good this movie is .
huge fun
fast-paced but poorly executed
indy still impressive here
a flawed but fun movie
anything goes down and fast
ok adventure film
indy suffers from difficult second album syndrome - 76 %
darker , but still a thrill ride and an action paced joy like raiders .
jonathan ke quan : mystery man !
the excitement and adventure continue !
`` ... ... too much , too fast ... ... . ''
as good as the original !
this is the ultimate movie character !
indy 's formula still works , although the temple waters it down
`` fortune and glory , kid .
fortune and glory . ''
`` the divine comedy '' ( dvd )
the past ... revisited all over again
a required , but controversial , sequel to the franchise
taken on its own , real fun
good not great prequel .
sure its not raiders or crusade but its still a lively and fun adventure
a prequel sequel ?
maybe ... huh ?
a fantastic sequel ,
pulp fiction
i love everything about this installment , except for willie scott
a great sequel , i mean prequel
ah , so this is what the indiana jones films are about ?
amazing , fun , darker second adventure
a little disappointing ... ... .
session 9 is the very definition of the quintessential underrated horror film .
honey , i 'm home
the funniest `` horror '' film in years .
a creepy working-guys hitchcock thriller
one of the best horrors to hit the screen
brad anderson : one to watch
a horrific spooky horror film is a gem .
new wave horror
i get it - i just do n't like it
the insane asylum
are you questioning my work ethic ?
it 'll drive you mental !
creepy ... but not the best ...
now this , is how you do horror .
very good
not perfect but refreshing psychological horror film
unlike anything else really and that makes it good .
a tale of insanity
deserved more promotion ...
this movie delivers .
dominic west 's performance is incredible .
the best punisher movie yet
just shoot me .
nothing special , but entertaining and much better than i expected
punisher in war zone !
though the previous was good , this one is a little better .
the closest we will get to 'frank castle ' .
it 's all about gore , gore , and more gore !
finally a true punisher film ! !
a movie made for those who love senseless violence
made for die hard punishers fans only ! !
not for serious crowd !
closer to the comic book series and made for the fans .
goofy and mindless ... b movie at its wildest !
a great sequel but not as good as the first
ray stevenson is the punisher ! !
much better than the original
slipping through the raindrops punisher : war zone
comic-book adaptation is just comic ...
decent for a b movie
actually liked it better than the 2004 punisher
`` punisher : war zone '' - maximum punisher
this film has no life or soul in it .
shattered my low expectations
should have been an xbox 360 game , instead of a movie .
the worst movie by marvel ever !
the 2004 one was way better than this crap !
a grindhouse treatment of frank castle
a proper , adult punisher movie but little to recommend - 52 %
third time , still no charm
definitely for fans if for no one else .
punisher the way it should always have been
how hard is it to create a good punisher movie ?
pure mindless fun , exactly how the punisher should be .
a spoof of the punisher .
good comic book movie
actually satisfying within its limitations
was it directed by 2 or more directors ?
one of the best revenge films ever seen ! ! ! ! ! !
unrestrained , dark and , well , exactly what many faithful readers want
punisher war zone a not so great sequel
`` i 'll meet you in hell .
perhaps , .
save me a place near lucifier ``
someone must punish the corrupt ...
punishingly brutally over-the-top ; die-hard fans wo n't be disappointed
this is a better film than the 2004 one with thomas jane
very violent but fun ( in a sick way )
frightening , un-gorified
yo mama so ugly ...
this supernatural and chilling thriller is a good spanish/canadian co-production
not scary , nor chilling and only has one creepy moment
hahahahaha what a load of $ hite
completely spoiled by awful and over-used cgi
something a bit different
it could do better ...
give it the benefit of the doubt ...
unless mama 's happy ...
she 's one ugly motha .
a huge waste of talent
begins with a lot of promise , but ends with an unsatisfying note
conventional ghost story with some stylistic flourishes
mama ...
as far as horror can get
great story , but lacking proper scare moments ...
energetic but easily freudened
if you like movies about dumb teenagers getting knifed mama is not for you !
decent ghost-based horror movie
mama 's day off
interesting concept , but bad film
visually stunning and emotionally charged !
an interesting idea poorly executed
a creepy and dark fairy tale of sorts that succeeds in its goal
by `` serviceable '' i mean mediocre
besides the structure , design and vibe everything else is mediocre
we want more mama !
creepy , scary but with a disappointing conclusion
big mama 's house
grown up mama
relatively spooky ghost tale ala grimm 's fairy tale
a nutshell review : mama
some minor flaws , but this is often terrifying
some scary moments but silly story
funny show
not bad
annoying show
decent show , not very original but decent
did i see this or dream it ?
fosse did it his way before anyone else messed it up !
wonderful , one of bob fosse 's best films
bob fosse 's delightfully odd tribute to himself .
scheider is masterful in fosse 's troubled semi-autobiographical fantasy !
musical perfection
dark & depressing musical
hello emptiness
unmistakably fosse with strokes both self-indulgent and brilliant
a self-portrait in musical form
fosse 's bold and scathing self-examination of his own life ...
good old-fashioned bar fights , car chases and crashes
the dukes went from good ole boys to crude ole boys
unpretentious movie
it satiates the hunger for a good ol ' southern fried hot-rod movie
average at best , poor adaption of the series
why do people hate this movie ?
yeeeeeeehhhhaaaaahhh ?
yeah right !
funny in bits !
perfectly ordinary. ! ! !
! ... ... ... ... ... ..and politically incorrect .
so bad it 's good !
a complete abomination to everything the dukes of hazzard stands for ! ! !
a daily comment from midget emma : the dukes of hazzard ( 2005 )
lots of fun , but not to everyones palate
it was as enjoyable has the old show .
a very sad excuse for a movie
nice car , shame about the movie ...
a good summer comedy !
better if it was n't a `` dukes '' remake
not very good .
it 's an elongated version of a jessica simpson video !
too ignorant to love , too funny to hate ...
men in tights
`` good adventure flick ! ''
made off with 155 minutes like it was nuthin ' .
not the classic good movie that i was expecting
hugely entertaining nonsense
americanising an old english tale
good fun version of mythical robin hood
the hollywood spin
the not so merry men
a mediocre film
alan rickman 's fantastic performance steals everything !
darker side of hood for costner fans
kevin costner
a good film but could of been better
the absolute worst kevin costner movie ever made .
everything it should be
well produced , but kind of a bore
rickman and wincott steal the show
turgid then clever
soderbergh does mamet
overlong , bigheaded , disjointed mess
do n't bother .
funny but uneven
european vacations for free
an embarrassment
underrated fluff
better than before !
the twelve days of ocean was too merry for its own sake !
not really the new eleven ...
inspired silliness and the best looking movie you 'll see all year
just as good as the first
eminently forgettable
the title is the 1st mistake
ocean 's twelve needs to be thrown in one
a big comedown from oceans 11
stars in dust
another disappointing part
baker 's dozen done right
well i liked it !
gorgeous george jumps the proverbial shark - 46 %
overall a wholesome , relaxed entertainer , just sit back , and enjoy !
`` 1 louder '' than ocean 's eleven
... and some people had to pay to see this !
where 's the plot ?
dull and disappointing .
self-referential : see `` self-referential ''
just not as good this time around
overdone sequel but still good and enjoyable enough .
about as good as the original !
confusing and unconvincing
such a disappointing sequel .
probably the best in the series .
oceans twelve good but with some flaws
way underrated
has its moments , but nowhere near as fun as the first ,
ocean 's twelve
realistic look at our juvenile justice system
the rock proves he can act
based on true events
enjoyable movie , excellent performance by the rock ( possible end spoiler )
a football fantasy
one great film for 2006 .
pretty good football movie
gridiron gang better than expected
spirit triumphs over adversity
well-made but lacks social bite
outstanding punjabi nuptials comic-opera
westernized india ?
mira nair 's monsoon wedding was a nice cultural experience for me and my mom
a female director hitting her stride
warms the bottom of your heart !
a good in between movie .
feelgood factors and insight into modern india
not your average bollywood flick !
mayhem galore in this wonderful comedy
a screwball classic
cary grant and katherine hepburn shine
perfect , brilliant
bringing up baby ( 1938 ) ****
hilarious movie ...
mind-numbingly stupid
rapid-fire ridiculous rarity .
stands up to the test of time
not many old films do it for me
hysterically funny
the movie american humane society inspectors wake up at night screaming about
pure entertainment
endearingly sweet
a funny , straight romantic comedy
impossible to dislike
has a magic element to it ...
relatively decent remake of the original
a sensible and timeless story of the heart .
shall we dance ?
- why not ?
shall we dance
we shall !
we shall certainly do so-shall we dance ?
my all-time favorite disney film
fun-filled jungle adventure !
the jungle movie
watch out for the many inferior knockoff versions out there
sing-along beautiful animation
most disney films get better with age ... . most
rhythmically exquisite ...
jungle book is one of disney 's finest masterpieces
a masterpiece for all the family
jungle book - classic disney
still great family fun .
absolutely worth it
a disney movie that stands out from my childhood
the greatest disney of em all .
nothing too bad but hardly a disney classic or must-see in my book .
well done disney animation
genuinely witty , most memorable classic disney animation .
shoot , jest a couple of kids .
not sure what i expected from this , but i 'm thoroughly pleased .
a great debut from a great film-maker .
true story a bit erractic
( cinematheque )
a protracted ride into john ford 's sunset
spielberg previews his future genius in an important highly underrated film ...
much ado about very little
some son for godzilla .
son of godzilla ( 1967 ) ***
not nearly as bad as everyone says
a sillier godzilla
here comes the son
fun !
godzilla the father .
six days seven nights and a bunch of rubber monsters
a very good movie
a new way of narrative
an implacably personal cinematic memoir
very special film
the most personal tarkovsky film ?
the world left and found again
it is all in the mirror
a poetic work
mirror image of stream of consciousness
killing is their business and business is bad .
very violent but enjoyable nonetheless ...
a violent , surreal brit-flick
as many have said , this is a hard movie to appreciate .
a monumental waste of time
ca n't recommend this movie because it has little to say
a brutal movie of three halves
weird and ambiguous ... it takes patience to get into it and difficult to watch
there 's hope for the british film industry yet
the greatest british horror film since eden lake
bad things happen to bad people .
kill list drives that home .
waste of time
pantomime fail
a surrealistic coming of age adventure comedy drama
what can i say ?
ponderous and stunningly pretty
sometimes we need to step out and take a risk
stiller 's big holiday present to us
zoned out at life
ben stiller 's surreal , dramatic turn
often uneven and sometimes breathtaking and gorgeous
daydreaming and living
preachy but still enjoyable
not a home run , but enjoyable
a real average film that will disappoint many
a bit too long and with a bit too little happening ...
the movie equivalent of a quality at-bat
that 's so walter mitty
an unexpected delight
ben stiller 's labor of love
`` walter mitty '' misfires on several cylinders ...
sweet , funny , touching ... everything i wanted it to be ... almost .
romcom , travelogue or skateboarding flick ?
too subtle .
bland .
slow .
not charming and not funny
a feel-good experience !
living with one 's head in the clouds is n't living
it 's a wonderful and imaginative movie
not really the ogden nash walter mitty
'witty ' and heartfelt but this stiller is a 'bitty ' off the mark
beautiful scenes but a somewhat incredible story
`` stay gold , pony boy ! ''
overrated dull and boring remake
what a shame ... ignored at the box office
did n't live up to its potential .
so many great moments
stiller 's remake is admirable but overwhelming
very impressive and unexpected work from ben stiller ,
enjoyable but no big fish
complete and utter excellence
geeky randy 's summary
an r-rated movie for kids ?
a brilliant , action-packed , hilarious superhero sequel .
still kicking ass ?
bash !
smash !
thrash !
crash !
better than the first
it works for the first hour .
and then ...
the clash of costumed nutcases
`` kick ass 2 '' whips it !
has its moments !
one of the most disappointing films of 2013
not as bad as they say .
not as good as the first one .
nice follow up to the first
not as good as the first one , but still enjoyable
a good sequel but not up to the level of the original
not as great as the first movie , but still good entertainment ...
not bad but nowhere near as much fun as the first film
kick-ass 2 is thrilling and well-paced .
more time with hit-girl guaranteed .
worthy sequel
part two syndrome
what was the point ?
shock value is diminished , but still entertaining
perhaps an unnecessary sequel that provides more and more of the same
a guilty pleasure that does n't kick as strong as the first movie
very enjoyable sequel !
a thoroughly vile film that lacks the cleverness of matthew vaughn 's touch .
truly awful sequel to one of the best movies of this decade .
more does n't always mean better
hit-girl the evil person slayer .
77.5 %
not as good as the first but pretty good .
mine was nearly kicked ... again ... ( screen )
not as good as the first but still worth watching .
kicked arse again !
gives superheroes a bad name..
taking names
disappointing sequel
juvenile , flawed , but entertaining rubbish .
inferior to original .
good enough sequel , definitely could have had more jim carrey ,
awesome , just as good if not better than the first movie ...
kick-ass 2
kick-ass 2 ( jeff wadlow , 2013 ) **1/2
launching into my top 10 list for many reasons
highly inspiring with great entertainment !
inspiring .
a movie for everyone .
nice movie .
the feel-good factor is a bit over-whelming
not a bad biopic
better late than never !
go see this film
fine inspirational movie
review of `` october sky ''
cheesy drama
powerful coming of age film !
an american billy elliott
beautiful film
a good director wasted on middle-of-the-road nonsense
actually i quite liked this one
like a good star trek episode ...
one of the worst trek films
as smooth as an androids bottom
same old 'trek 's .
the worst star trek film alongside no .
5 and 7
captain 's slog
enjoyable tng movie
it would 've made a better episode than a movie
a flaccid installment
maybe it 's time to retire the series
a pleasant surprise
a moment in time can be a universe in itself
we need a little more action ...
sweet but not enough action that you would want in star trek ,
star trek insurrection : a flaccid movie hardly !
a very enjoyable ... enterprise .
average star trek
clichéd crap
i thought it was entertaining ... .
funfilled comedy !
corny and unfunny .
one of the funniest romantic comedies in years
one of the funniest romantic comedies in years
superhero in love ?
has that been tackled before ?
a failure
reitman is a slump
the director of the original `` ghostbusters '' does it again .
could have been super
superhero = super-neurosis
revenge of the nerdy superhero
good fun film , that did n't deserve its fate !
averagely bad
a truly unfunny film ...
my super fun night
an interesting spin on super-heroism
g for grim
one super good time .
great premise but only fitfully funny despite thurman 's natural authority in the title role
high maintenance heroine .
a super hilarious movie !
someone actually thought this would work as a comedy ?
come on !
take it for what it is : mindless entertainment .
pretty original but other than that , just your average romantic-comedy
no masterpiece , but still worthy of cinema
now , all these years seem just like a blink . ''
good narrative and acting
underrated king adaptation
an underrated gem of a film that is oscar worthy
a bit too slow
just mediocre
director fails his film
nothing about this movie makes a lasting impression .
`` then we grow up , and our hearts break in two . ''
equal parts buffy , charmed and x-files , ...
uniquely american-gothic horror with a dash of apocalypse
guys can watch this -- the writers are talking to us
supernatural - one of the best
`` who you gon na call ?
the winchesters ! ''
5 reasons to watch this show ...
a unique tv gem
worth checking out if you like horror ... and comedy
a new , improved supernatural !
coolest freak show out their .
ghosts and demons and great special effects ... what more could you want ?
best show on tv today
my favorite series of all time , and with good reason .
not as bad as you might think
this is why you should n't make movies based on videogames
you will never get the time back that you spend watching this movie
quite fun
so bad it 's almost good
a real stinker
an adaptation of the game .
it 's okay ... but at the same , it 's quite terrible .
much better than imdb users think
delightfully stupid , stupidly delightful - 40 %
now this is awful
cheese on real life .
is it not good ?
in the words of m. bison : of course !
but it 's not the worst
bad , really bad
this is just terrible .
the video game movie even casual fans hated !
the sky fell all right , but the story was already a shattered mess
little chicken , little fun , little quality , little everything
not notable , but at least endurable
pleasant but empty ...
the sky did not fall !
the sky is falling , and so is disney
chicken little is juvenile , with only a few jokes for adults
the worst film in the disney animated canon
sorry clucky ... ..
a cute disney movie , but not exactly a classic
a nice movie with great messages to kids
found it , really hilarious and a great mix of sci-fi
chicken little to recommend it ... ...
worth a few laughs
chicken little
not the masterpiece i 'm sure disney envisioned
medical emancipation ... .
solid movie
not a great movie , but interesting and better than i expected
aggressively middlebrow soap opera ; writers assume you are stupid
amazing !
letting go
i 'm sorry i let them hurt you my sister 's keeper
this is an area i 'd like to call the stupid zone
really blends all emotions out
a bittersweet drama that will be loved for many years .
this one 's not a keeper !
touching and cute ... not quite the intense emotional ride i expected
more sap than a tree .
my sisters keeper , def a keeper .
a very sad film , though very good .
solid acting lifts this treatise of love , compassion & sacrifice
my sister 's keeper
a nutshell review : my sister 's keeper
a little heavy handed
another forgettable entry in the iraq war movie mill
i see talent
fair and by the numbers
painful view of iraqi war 's true-life consequences
stops short of being great ; but still worth seeing
nice effort but ca n't quite succeed
a solid attempt at seeing both sides
a win for `` stop-loss ''
the best drama movie i have seen in a while
'coming home ' for a new generation
read the cards shorty stop-loss
far reaching but powerfully poignant .
a devastating character study ; not a war film .
a well thought out , powerful , and moving film .
modern day rambo
maybe not a great movie , but an important one
a lost stop
stop-loss , how much would that suck !
another anti-iraq war movie but this one shows a different side
`` u.s .
troops killed in war in iraq '' ... today 's unfortunate headlines
a tragic insight on the emotions of war !
stop .
please .
stop .
i 'm at a loss .
not just another war film .
a nice light fare .
do n't ask me why .
why some people went to see this movie and regretted it .
this lame comedy is watchable ... thanks to a good comedic cast of actors .
inspired silliness
it was alright
very strange indeed but still fun to watch
was this done by a 12 year old ?
wild hog
mccheesy 's take on `` strange wilderness ''
i can not believe happy madison productions released this garbage
a different story about grief
entertainment value but ... ... ...
a fascinating and highly recommended drama
roller coaster of moods and tones , but `` hesher '' has a good core
the incredible mourning story of a boy of 12
`` moving is breathing and breathing is life ; stopping is dying ''
raw and invigorating  highly emotional
not made to entertain , that 's for sure
hesher is an awesome film , more awesome character
everything was good except him ( web )
very good movie
`` where were you in '62 ? ''
a classic film about teenagers during the 60 's
american graffiti ( 1973 ) ****
pretty much happy days by george lucas
another great film from a young george lucas
tripping down memory lane ...
a good but not great look back
an enjoyable , intention comedy by george lucas
george lucas 's first good script and last ( ? )
no chewy , blondes are not this much fun
nice slice of an era
so much for being 17
made when lucas cared
this time is really about « cruising » ( rental )
hilarious nostalgic comedy
redford trying to right a wrong
a miscarriage of justice with tragic results
generally interesting , but not totally satisfactory
interesting ...
for people who like history told well
one bullet , not one man
gripping in parts..
one of those history movie traps
perfect - no- interesting -yes
fascinating history b-side
i 'm sorry i waited for the dvd - this film is pure cinematic genius
it was okay
redford 's version of historical event is flawed but interesting ...
discarding the constitution when it becomes tiresome ?
is this 1865 or 2001 ?
when are military tribunals ok ?
i 'd rather watch behind the music with black sabbith
a laugh riot in spots
aldous was not as funny being the main character
a competent , but not very remarkable , comedy
get him back to rehab ?
greek is not the word !
even though at times it was diddy good .
lets get him to the greek .
get him to the greek
the russell brand show
ca n't say i 'get ' it
disspointing , especially cause russell brand is so talented .
liked it but not what i expected
enough immoral and outrageous fun for a good time at the movies
the bit players make the film work .
get him to the greek ( 2010 ) - african child sucks !
aldous snow rules !
not quite has funny as it tried to be .
a solid , amusing r-rated comedy
remembering sarah marshall
dreary , lame , rubbish
an unexpected comic pairing brings laughs and surprising resonance to an apatow factory farce
going greek : it only hurts if you 're sober .
too foul , not funny
aldous snow gets his own movie !
a definite must see !
raunchy rock 'n ' roller comes to america .
a film of two halves
the star handler
frequently hilarious follow up to `` forgetting sarah marshall ''
jonah hill delivers the goods
great laughs from both jonah hill and russel brand ,
a slight disappointment for a big fan of forgetting sarah marshall
crock and bullsh*t ego rub story .
oceans 12 all over again .
almost too clever
a brilliant , deliriously entertaining `` adaptation '' of an unfilmable book
not quite as clever as it thinks it is
not for the scary movie-style crowd
uneven but very funny at times
clever , but not that funny
i had thought this was supposed to be funny./
does n't work for the most part
when racism was okay in movies ...
so bad i did n't want it to end
duel is dull most of the way .
the kiss of death .
`` pearl , you 're curved in the flesh of temptation ''
excellent melodrama
confluence of bad directing , bad acting and bad casting
over the top and then some .
an above average but uneven western spectacle
lurid but not lurid enough western `` wind '' wannabe .
no shock value , no plot , no point , boring
not bad , but not very satisfactory either
you need a good stomach to watch this !
nastiest film ever ... most probably ! !
a very very generous 1 out of 10
pardon me , but i have to throw up ...
so we sacrifice story for shock ?
gore-porn with socio-political commentary
a milestone for pulp cinema
descriptive adjectives for a serbian film :
a repulsive film that goes way too far
i do n't buy it
a sick film
they want us to think all east-europians are sick and twisted perverts ? !
preminger 's masterpiece of courtroom dramas
epic , seminal courtroom drama
a trial of a man who did his duty ...
george c. scott made this film the classic that it is
the most fun you could have in the courtroom
classic courtroom drama
a complex simple little film
centre court drama ...
a simply amazing , astonishing , brilliantly crafted courtroom thriller ... one of a kind
sensational courtroom drama in a small town .
the penultimate courtroom drama
a random case of murder .
the ultimate courtroom drama that stands the test of time ...
not a sentimental moment in it
reasonably enjoyable religious nonsense .
the first of a an original trilogy
a serious occult movie about angels and the devil
heaven goes to hell ...
at best mediocre , but overall below that .
a great cast makes this one soar with the angels
has `` cult movie '' written all over it .
could have been truly terrible but it is n't ! !
at all !
what a cast !
a shockingly good film .
two names : christopher walken and viggo mortensen ... actually , there 's more
smart concept , stupid execution
twisted fun
original but murky
it made me laugh
hilarious horror spoof from marlon wayans ! !
drives its subject matter into the ground
`` paranomal activty '' as it should have been ...
very r rated
should be exorcised as soon as possible
not the worst i seen of this type ... but still pass on this one
ghost movie
a nutshell review : a haunted house
a sign of its times
a ground breaking , outdated sci fi classic
are we really ready for space travel ?
giant brat ( bat/rat ) ...
aip in space
`` easy , irish , easy ''
it certainly is red !
cult classic
planet mars : beautifully drawn flora , hospitable monsters !
so ridiculously bad
i loved it !
clownboat a.k.a .
hell to the no
more `` not '' than `` hot ''
sorry ms lakin , you made a mistake
very nottie indeed
is it really possible for a movie to be *this* bad ... ?
all nottie , no hottie !
a story about a liar ...
out of control materialism .
the luhrmann touch displays its crass heavy hand .
the great gatsby
a glitzier gatsby .
solid entry
hard to watch .
just read the book guys
an artful film where artifice replaces emotion , highly refined stuff
surprisingly faithful
a visual splendor , old sport ! ! !
brilliant and top notch
1920s primary colour love story
the great gatsby forced through a kaleidoscope -- and it works !
a great story , good actors and actresses , and a cheap direction
leonardo dicaprio saves the film ...
absolutely astonishing !
one of the best recent films i have seen
stylish ! ...
what a disappointing aussie-american production .
greatest gatsby ever ?
the green light
total garbage
touch the green light
the great american novel adapted into a great american mess ...
a good-looking film , with an awesome cast !
`` gatsby '' dazzles but never truly resonates
a mixed bag
luhrmann 's best work yet
a spoiler-free review
the roaring twenties old sport
the book has aged and no faithful film can change that .
hollow , but fancy enough for the eyes .
crazily shot movie going experience
our time now
an absorbing , delightful , tragic and reverent adaptation of a seemingly unfilmable story .
not great gatsby
an event worth experiencing
leonardo di caprio is jay gatsby
almost the disaster i thought it would be ... unnecessary dud
brilliant .
maligned for no good reason .
modern reincarnation of a literary classic !
unique and beautiful but not for everyone
great gatsby is a visual masterpiece ! !
'gatsby ' is decent but not `` great ''
a mystifying hit , old sport
to baz or not to baz
probably a better book than a movie .
you 're an absolute beginner ...
like watching a delicate rose being smashed over and over by a hammer
stays with you
best design and costume you will see this year
are my mom and famous hollywood director baz luhrman one and the same person ?
the great gatsby
fine fluff , but a thoroughly unremarkable adaptation
great gatsby is just that ***1/2
overdone , overlong and deadly dull
human nature and justice
the last and the best ...
the pinnacle
krzysztof kieslowski 's testament
red explores the mysterious connections among isolated lives .
full justification accomplished
a film made with an all-encompassingly compassionate touch
a masterwork , pure and not too simple
who did you really do it for ?
a job not well done
a rollicking heist flick with the best car chase ever put on film
pure entertainment
a witty and intelligent caper film
an entertaining thriller that misses
jolly entertaining !
a great british crime comedy
good job !
mamma mia !
this classic crime caper still looks good today - 83 %
one of the ultimates in the action/comedy genre
`` i hope he likes spaghetti .
they serve it four times a day in the italian prisons . ''
simply a movie to have a great time with !
`` everyone in the world is bent ! ``
one big happy family
august : osage county
who are these people and why should we care ?
that movie poster might be the most fitting marketing ever
an acting extravaganza
a really tedious experience
excellent acting but unrealistic plot .
in the county of great acting !
eat your fish
amazing acting and amazing story
meryl streep and julia roberts and cast perform well enough in august : osage county
an ensemble cast to die for !
superbly acted drama
powerful performances , witty dialogues , but just too depressing
super cast does n't always help to have a good movie
august : sausage county
nest of vipers
huge acting by meryl streep
terrific cast and acting , but you ( mostly ) do n't care
family dearest
well acted , but formulaic to the bone
excellent ensemble acting showcase
`` august : osage county '' is the best ensemble of the year !
a tragic and fascinating look at a very dysfunctional family
the dialogues make this good
watch out for the dinner scene !
a stellar cast of pros hang out the dirty linen
together again , unnaturally
family shares dark , ugly history
grief and dysfunction of an oklahoma family .
`` thank god we ca n't tell the future .
we 'd never get out of bed '' .
a star studded complicated family drama ! ! !
all out all star cast in seamless soap
the key is in the past
august : osage county
dark , depressing , personal drama
cast and script overcome studio softening
dysfunction at its best ****
it 's kind of a charming movie
caution : teenage boy under pressure !
it 's better to forget , than to remember me and cry
shows that we all deserve second chances
a very interesting `` indie '' film
it 's kind of a punny review- but i am kind of a crazy guy
an instant « one flew over the cucoo 's nest » reminiscence .
it starts on a bridge
it 's kind of a funny story , yes it actually is !
it is a funny story that is also moving
boy interrupted
well told , balanced
a lighthearted coming of age flick
suicidal in brooklyn
it 's kind of a predictable story
`` good gremlins sequel ! ''
amusing sequel to `` gremlins '' is more funny than scary .
a meta and surreal sequel
bright lights , big city & batch on
amusing enough but lacking the depth of the original - 67 %
a sequel worth watching
blame the gremlins for everything
`` gizmo ''
a weird but funny package of mixed emotions !
`` -daffy ( dvd )
big disappointment compared to the first one.just uses the characters as gags ,
many agree , the sequel surpasses the original
down and then some
we 're , like , too hip for you , daddy-o !
a hit remake of the comedy romances of the 50s
brilliant , bouyant , bodacious spoof of all things 1962
very charming !
contrived romp a mere shadow of day-hudson sex comedies
down with this movie
down with `` down with love ''
a sumptuously mounted valentine to the day-hudson sex comedies
unfulfilling experience , needed more depth
an almost brilliant idea , almost amazing performance , and an almost terrific film
messing with souls
sleeper hit
chickpea chekov
giamatti attempts to make fun of himself in this one-note fantasy-satire misfire
hauntingly hilarious .
overlong & a bore at 100 minutes
the human race is in danger and we are at war with other worlds !
an excellent sci-fi
blistering , vivid and emphatic - dated but timeless
`` wait a minute !
asteroids do n't unscrew ! ! ''
the original and the best
impressive effects for the 1950s
science-fiction at its best .
52-53 were not brilliant for special effects
the war has begun ...
sci-fi classic
when the martian screamed i screamed ( with laughter )
stick with this still-solid watch instead of the remake - 62 %
fast-paced , professional , thoroughly american '50s sci-fi shocker
science fiction classic that trumps its remake in every way .
a war indeed !
`` they maybe mental giants , but physically , ..they are weaklings ``
charming and funny confection
my 344th review : exactly what you want from the genre ... .and more
french corn
slick , but human and hilarious and it keeps evolving ...
a well-oiled machine that melds together comedy , love story , and actioner
very french - refreshing not to have us and uk pc stereotypes
stylish if loose comic romance-thriller
an enjoyably dynamic romantic comedy
a franco-american mess
not a fraud ( tv )
a nutshell review : heartbreaker
the shape of things
feels more like a little piece of art then a film
clever and charged dialog
split screen spoils film
a perfect display of a unique style mixed with beautiful characters .
conversations is a very clever and smart film
`` there are no happy endings in our future . ''
a slapstick comedy that is cute and enjoyable to watch
george clooney hits back to slap stick
1920s football equals a boring plot for a film
you 're only as young as the woman you feel
for a period piece this one 's quite mundane
just having some fun
fine screwball comedy
a muddy snoozer
dreadful from start to finish
screwy screwball comedy
a muddy mess that 's fun to watch
leatherheads-reel geezers
great looking film , weak storyline
come on george !
the most fun sports comedy since the bad news bears ( 1976 )
fun , well done , nut ultimately shallow
charming and delightful
the charm is irresistible
funny , witty but lacking bite towards the red zone - 78 %
clooney 's pigskin comedy provides little laughs but much reassurance .
it was okay
a forgivable misstep
`` it 's funny how things work out . ''
a screwball comedy like they used to make
you 're only as young as the woman you feel .
quite fun ; zellweger is awful , though
the best horror movie in years
chilling and claustrophobic
a gruesome descent
the descent is one of the better horror films released lately .
this movie is a dud .
this film makes you want to press fast forward
the descent
not for the claustrophobic
rather naive
i miss why this is so amazing .
female action descents into malehood
good scary movie
what horror is all about
it 's as direct and as effective as bamboo slivers under the nails .
scariest movie of 2006
a rarity in modern horror
claustrophobic terror !
one of the decades best horror films
terror lives in the darkness
real fear
claustrophobia , anyone ?
all your fears packed tightly together .
good editing , lacking elsewhere
i feel cheated
if you go in there ...
this scary/horror/action-thriller is certainly much better than anyone would expect from the genre .
amazing !
love every day the descent
sets a new benchmark in horror
truly one of the best and goriest horror film to date
gobble gobble , rip out you innards
as good as they say it is ... ..
a terrifying movie that draws comparisons to alien
i have a zeal for horror flicks and this is a masterpiece .
a good scare movie
one of the best horror films in decades .
one of the scariest movies i 've seen
not very good
the battle of the six vs .
the darkness
entertaining and well made reality-challenged psychological horror film
kicks 28 days later 's ass ! ! ! !
a pleasant surprise : a genuinely scary horror hit
just a regular zombie flick
descend into 'the descent ' .
one , two , three , four , let 's have a little gore !
descent into poor cinema
chilling claustrophobia
a bloody good scare .
tight , sharp .
the first movie to convince me that women can go full-tilt into action
great horror film , but that elephant on the table
one of the better horror films this year
falling into complete darkness..
finally , a real horror movie
one hell of a scary groundbreaking film
one of the scariest films in recent memory
pretty good
extraordinarily terrifying ... with that said , there are problems
good b-movie , but it 's no masterpiece
nice balance of original ideas and reliable conventions
oh good god no .
truly dramatic and claustrophobic horror feature .
the descent ... .into plot ( ahem ... pot ) holes
some places just are n't for humans
formulaic , but expertly done
gollum 's family meets coyote ugly ... .
a definite improvement compared to directors previous work .
could have been even scarier , but i 'm glad it was n't .
a well intentioned but unsuccessful brit horror movie
another stupid british horror ( caving ? )
early soderbergh movie anticipated the indie boom of the 90s
for once a film lives up to the praise heaped on it .
one for those who really like films
outstanding acting and dialogue ; good support music
john and i used to be very much alike .
soderbergh 's debut film mesmerizes
mildly interesting cover of significant real life problem
a stimulating and thought provoking film about relationships .
an absorbing film ...
laura san giacomo makes it worth watching slv
provocative talk
fascinating debut
except this , you got nothing else !
( dvd )
language .
the most titillating erogenous zone .
being happy is n't all that great .
i mean ... the last time i was ... really happy ...
i got really fat .
a precious 80 's time capsule
a life lesson for all post graduates
the antithesis of 'the breakfast club ' and anything worthwhile the '80s had to offer
all style brat pack film
one of the most entertaining coming of age films for the young adults .
the only illusion that 's worth it st. elmo 's fire
day of the yuppies
the quintessential brat pack movie
a very good movie about the complexities of life
you broke the boy in me , but you wo n't break the man !
very much a bittersweet film
a brat pack guilty pleasure
well , you know , it ai n't easy being me
underrated and good but not as good as breakfast club
it 's coming , a twista !
a twista ... of spaghetti ?
great 3d movie a great family movie
funny and zany but suffers from add
i 'm hungry
food-fantasy fun
cloudy with a chance of meatballs
much better than i was expecting
a fun and simply entertaining film .
not as good as i had hoped
this movie is very strange
sarcasm on fast food !
a film by a lot of people cloudy with a chance of meatballs
just enjoy it ...
exceptionally clever , goofy , food-falling fun
cloudy with a chance is a great fun time
a tepid dish
a fun and surreal animation
sunny with a chance of entertainment .
i want a meatball ...
it brightened up my day .
prepare to get served
an indigestible appetizer for x-mas dinner ( tv )
a food storm ?
a big mega-hit blockbuster ... and other things
a lot to savour
solid fun
great premise , first 50 minutes ... ... and then
pure insane enjoyment .
fun for all ages
cloudy with a chance of meatballs
a nutshell review : cloudy with a chance of meatballs
autumnal charlie
chaplin 's huge ego only thing big about creaky , misogynistic verdoux .
`` business is a ruthless business , my dear . ''
one of chaplin 's better flicks in sound
verdoux an ambitious film almost fully realized
`` funny looking bird , is n't he ? ''
lacks the bite to have the impact it desires .
chaplin 's most `` silent '' movie
one of chaplin 's best films
looking towards the future
a promising young filmmaker of seventy
pursuing the artist
you ca n't look into the light tetro
we ca n't say anything about that film without desacralizing it .
family ties
psychological drama
cinema that throbs and kicks and is passionate - one of coppola 's triumphs
my father , my brother , my son !
coppola goes to argentina
a zombie movie with a crazy plot
fairly entertaining
a further extension of the great zombie genre
entertaining from start to finish
a romantic , comedy , drama , horror movie
only lukewarm
zombie makeover movie
such a heartwarming tale ...
an off-beat paranormal romantic zombie flick !
we get to see things through a zombie 's pov ! !
now we know what all those zombies are really thinking
not perfect , but really funny
zombies need love too ...
zombie narrator discovers twilight love
hollywood undead
beauty and the zombie
pretty good and funny movie
they 're getting warmer
freakin ' brilliant ... why did i miss this one in theatres ?
cold body .
warm heart .
a welcome to the zombie genre !
refreshing and enjoyable
nicholas sparks this ai n't
nothing special ... despite the premise
i loved this cute movie
surprisingly entertaining .
pretty good
warm bodies
a nutshell review : warm bodies
a mediocre horror film , but it kept me moderately entertained at least
a good film at its core , if you can get past the gore
style over substance ...
throw plausibility out the door
one of the best horror movies of the year .
original and refreshing yet somewhat bittersweet
collect something worthy
he always takes one
watchable and entertaining to a degree but just not all that satisfying
high anxiety ... caught in a trap .
starts strong , but goes downhill after a while
collect this one !
a saw prequel ?
intriguing set up , but descends into little more than common torture porn
home alone 5 : kevin tasted blood !
by far one of the best movies i 've seen in many years
do you love the sight of blood ?
tune in ... .
very refreshing revenge movie
i saw a bad movie
graphic revenge film
dirty harry meets oldboy with a death wish ...
new boy
a knife fight scene to end all knife fight scenes ?
a bloodbath !
one of the best films i have seen this year
essaying on memory
will shock you to the edge of your seat
a superbly acted , grotesquely gorgeous crime thriller .
an uncompromising , unsettling and unforgettable thriller
revenge with no mercy .
i saw a masterpiece
makes hannibal look like bambi ... best villain in movie history
a nutshell review : i saw the devil
dumb but a lot of fun
predictable , edgeless
entertaining plot , made sense
high-flown malarkey ... tasteless in its self-seriousness
no thrilling mystical hunt .
simply national treasure for intellectuals ?
a pretty good straight-up murder mystery .
a fictional account on the wars between science and religion
indiana jones and the holy see
good , entertaining thriller from ron howard
`` open the doors , and tell the world the truth ''
angels and demons is a really crappy thriller
exciting action and suspense
slicker and more entertaining than da vinci
more interesting than da vinci code .
sloppy , silly , gory , ugly , incomprehensible , unbelievable , hateful
100 % lived up to expectations
everything fits terrible together !
pathetic , trite , linear in the extreme
tom hanks worth watching ...
better than the davinci code
nothing special
exciting .
angels and demons - fantastic thriller ! !
vatican murder mystery
good summer movie !
pain in the brain ...
a thrilling action flick , that improves on `` the da vinci code ''
be gentle inside these walls
better as a movie , rather then a book !
surprsingly good
it could have been worse
kept me hooked to the screen
effective for those who have yet to read the novel .
get me a symbologist !
faith is a gift i 've yet to receive angels and demons
despite its flaws and alternatives from the book , it delivers
solid thriller
a superior film to the da vinci code ...
the bernini code
tried its best to live up to the source .
same problems as `` the da vinci code , '' but slightly better
ifish prequel with loads of action
faithful and unremarkable .
fast and exciting .
a slight improvement over the da vinci code .
the book was banal , the film is marvellous
twice as thrilling than the first
twist ending redeems otherwise implausible , hokey plot
better than da vinci code
at parity with 'the code '
intriguing and mysterious thriller that takes too long
the da vinci code - > angels and demons
rome if you want to ...
angels and demons-an improvement
much better than the da vinci code
it will make you want to read more about it
good adaptation of the novel .
a waste of talent and money
ridiculously plotted but enjoyable
decent ... well , not decent , but not bad , although ... .
dopey popey .
not perfect but very entertaining , exciting , and suspenseful
extended cut review
somewhat gimmicky but very good
a trip to rome via tom hanks
the return of professor robert langdon
has sucked the essence out of the book and has thrown in away !
brilliant suspense thriller with some spectacular photography ...
what a let down
passionate , fiery , puzzling ...
but also deeply flawed
less controversional and enjoyable
faithful but sometimes unbelievable !
a good mystery movie
murder and the vatican .
message delivered , so why worry about the effects ?
more angelic than demonic
it 's not something to get excited about either way
for someone who has n't read the book
when the vatican is fun .
a rare better sequel .
should have been better
angels and demons a decent sequel with some flaws
could have been better !
yet , decent as it is !
not as original as da-vinci code , but filled with unexpected twists ,
changed from book , but overall not bad
ron howard 's excellent adaptation of dan brown 's exciting novel .
open the doors , and tell the world the truth .
despite changes it is one of the better book adaptations
angels & demons
similarly flimsy second instalment of the robert langdon series
fantastic adaptation
466th review : surprisingly complex and superb 80s recreation
powerful and unpredictable account , but i just can not connect to the boy ...
amazingly realistic portrait of racism in early 1980 's britain .
a great british film - or should that be english ?
this is brilliant .
this is poetry
bonding on the brink of tenderness and rage
this is english cinema at its brutally honest best
gnarly , falklands-era racism drama
charming and horrific and very funny
subtle , lovable film about growing up ( real pains included )
skins in thatcherland
true piece of art
an unforgettable look at violent youth
a tremendous tour de force
a great spin on gang life
excellent film and loved it
some of my best friends are black shirts
england is this
powerful portrayal of innocence manipulated
first part better than second part
it is ... it really is
raw and unsettling , this is england touches you then horrifies you .
excellent coming-of-age story w/a twist ; meadows is a filmmaker to watch
for me , an unwatchable movie
variable acting , but a good film
crime and punishment
the media , the law , and a famous director
outsdanding work and interesting documentary !
interesting , yet not hard enough on the main character
the scandal : 44 year old man + 13 year old girl
a judge 's greedy powertrip roman ploanski : wanted and desired
more desired than wanted
controversy whirls around famed director .
a nutshell review : roman polanski : wanted and desired
one of chaplins timeless films
a classic in every sense of the word
ferris bueller 's day off ... for my grandpa
the tramp goes feature-length
the most heartfelt charlie chaplin film .
a picture with a smile and perhaps , a tear .
a sheer masterpiece of motion pictures
a picture with laughter and a few tears , indeed .
`` a picture with a smile  and perhaps , a tear . ''
personal top 25 movies that made an immediate impact on me .
coogan gives one of the best child actor performances i 've seen
one of the greatest films of all-time
flight of fancy
the kid was charles chaplin 's first self-produced and directed feature film .
a timeless classic
`` a picture with a smile , and perhaps ... a tear . ''
a comedy classic
film fails at the gaming tables and all around
i laughed so hard , a little pee came out
about as weird and bizarre as any film you 'll see .
funny , not bond
`` too many cooks spoil the broth '' .
two of three ( and still the 1 & only )
james bond goes for a pooh pooh
the one film that should n't have been made
disjointed and dull
orders from the house
classic filmmaking - simmers with paranoid intensity
dark , realist conspiracy thriller
excellent conspiracy thriller
good paranoid thriller
the kuleshov effect
a view to a kill ...
one of the best conspiracy thrillers
thriller has a hard time working up any real suspense ...
paranoia in natural light
`` fella , you do n't know what this story means . ''
serious movie undermined by merry-go-round of celebrity cameos
it would have been better ...
a job in the white house - not a bad deal !
the most interesting thing about this movie is the subplot
lee daniels ' the butler
absorbing historical drama
civil rights 4 dummies & stunt casting .
but whitaker is great .
one of the best forest whitaker 's interpretations ...
the world is not black and white
the butler did it !
but it was not a perfect offering !
serving the highest
multiple personalities
the safest civil rights film ever made .
i might even call it an exercise in creating uncle tom 's .
lee daniels ' the butler is a pretty entertaining historical drama
shallow but interesting
the duality of the butler is what works best
flawed but makes its points well
lee daniels ' reinterpretation of history
surprise - weaker politically than expected
wasted opportunity
we are now beyond the salvational epiphany .
lee daniels ' the butler and its timely history lesson
neither fact nor fiction nor fish nor fowl
well made historical drama
forest and oprah will win oscars !
eyes on the prize
a history lesson that 's very by the books .
the heart was missing somehow .
pretty good outline of the civil rights movement in the u.s .
the civil rights movement !
the `` forrest gump '' of the decade
not as good as `` lincoln '' ( screen )
over-hyped bio .
`` and we shall overcome . ''
overrated historical headline hoofing with a soft-step
history on fast forward
once upon a time in washington
the butler
the butler delivers ***1/2
the mountain moves
impressive in many aspects , but some flaws left me disappointed
stunning !
what a nightmare comes from this burden
an essay on color and layering
japanese epic from akira kurosawa
kurosawa in color !
another spectacular samurai film from akira kurosawa .
`` kagemusha '' ( 1980 )
epic with static scenes
revenge of the cliché 's .
transforms into nothing but boredom
do n't be deceived - it 's loud but generally worthless
oh , wait a minute
it was mind numbing
someone does n't know their eisenstein ... .
nice attempt bad execution
pull the plug on this pathetic , pretentious hunk of junk .
incredibly good looking bull .
revenge of the fallen - review
this is a transformers movie !
a more complete movie than the first
transformers : no really not fit for human consumption .
watch out for permanent brain damage
i am speechless .
a little bit better than the first part , but still very mediocre
transformers : revenge of the utter crap !
worst movie ever made , probably .
does not deserve the overwhelming negatives reviews .
more of the same .
except its just the same .
just more of it .
autobots mega u-turn now ! !
weak and unimpressive
pro : fighting robots
good special effects and action , bad comedy
not as much of a noisy headache as i thought it would be ...
just plain boring
bigger , badder , bawdier
more than worth the wait .
great for what it is
box-office blockbuster , riding on cool cgi effects ...
of course action packed but lacking in more than a few areas
a well-paced action romp
exactly what i expected
a wee bit too long
blockbuster of the summer ... hands down
why all the negativity ?
going ' with the crowd here ...
a horrible sequel to an amazing film
finally bay has lost it
awesome movie !
where to start ...
michael bay is a douche , yet also awesome
bigger , louder , not necessarily better
a steaming dung heap of a movie ... .
nightmare on black & decker street
well , it could 've been much worse ... right ?
exceeds the limits of human imagination ...
not as good as the first one but is better then most hollywood dribble
it 's exactly what you 'd expect from a summer blockbuster .
8/10 !
amazing effects .
good acting .
where did the magic of the first run off to ?
big disappointment
more of the same old michael bay- all effects , no fun .
has enough going for it despite being a big mess
transformers leaves you empty feeling
there 's no way to write an unbiased review for this movie .
sorry , but ... hell , yeah !
a popcorn film
another poor blockbuster from 2009
visually mind-blowing and occasionally funny but not much else .
michael bay has done it again : and `` it '' is garbage .
an honest review
what if we leave and you 're wrong ?
transformers : revenge of the fallen
not as good as the first one , but still wow
almost like a spoof of transformers , and a horribly unfunny one at that .
unbelievable ...
what i expected
stupid ?
yes .
fun ?
that too .
do n't believe what they 're saying , follow your instinct !
if you only see one movie this year about giant killer robots ...
robot scenes=10/10 the rest ?
not so much
oh wow , the pyramids and petra !
rusty garbage -just avoid it ...
not as horrible as some say , but not as good as the first either
mind-blowing , provided you do n't pull the trigger first
the plot-holes bay makes leaves much bigger craters than his explosions .
this ai n't david lean people , this is transformers
excellent summer movie
transformers 2 : not much more than meets the eye .
this film was the pinnacle of fun !
bigger , louder , but not better
bay_ware of nausea
not perfect but i had fun watching it
why people are bashing this movie i have no idea .
a good sequel to transformers
an ok but not particularly good film
good only in bits
more robots , more action , more humor , more entertainment .
not all great the second time around .
summer blockbuster hits the mark
made me mad
visually surpasses its predecessor , but feels like it 's written by someone with add
entertaining but dragged down by heavy flaws
transformers 2 rocked my world !
in a word : awful-piece-of-clichéd-crap
exciting yes .
but also disappointing
2 and a half hours more than meets the bloodshot eye
plot holes you can drive a transforming truck through
transformers 2 a decent sequel with some flaws
desperately needs a diet pill
a michael bay compilation
bay/spielberg at their finest
explosive , overwhelming , outstanding !
the pc-vs-mac wars escalate .
a sequel was a must but it was just a step too far
where to start ... ... ..
too fast too many
let 's rock 'n roll ...
revenge is coming .
still tedious , goofy and way too long
i thought it really good
a lackluster sequel that disappoints on almost everything
a complete mess ; one of the worst movies of 2009
do not miss the chance to watch this on big screen
huge step down from the first film
ignore shia labeouf and its a good escape , for 2.5 hours .
the longest film ever made
`` i rise , you fall ! ''
gives new meaning to sequels sucking
stupid and not fun
what a great ad for the movie !
classic !
terrible terrible
very good , but check your brain at the door
disappointing .
transforme « d » too much ( screen )
significant improvement over the first
transformers ... .michael bay should be shot ... .
the earth again faces destruction .
still did n't transformed me into a transformers fan .
not a bad movie but more the same !
blockbuster vomit of a sickening variety
one of the worst movies of 2009
one of the worst
`` autobots ... do n't roll out this time '' .
transformers revenge of the fallen decent but with many flaws
a fun action flick .
what more can u expect ?
an insult to all levels of intelligence young and old .
not as fresh as the original , but still an enjoyable sequel ,
extremely good movie that everyone should see at least once
elaborate 2.5 hour gm commercial , teen love story , with some robots thrown in
i have to write at least 10 lines , i hope i can ,
its a film that is back in its prime : - )
could not watch after 30 minutes
a little underwhelming , but still good fun .
good family film
must see in 3d
a fun-filled comedy for the whole family !
great 3d movie
3d is spectacular , but everything else is horrible
not monstruous but entertaining
good concept.too bad they did n't explore it more
3d imax version - amazing ! ! !
one small point of contention !
computer animation needs to be left to pixar in my opinion
a very mediocre animation film
crisp 2-d animation
cool monsters in funniest dreamworks animation to date
this movie is spectacular to watch on the big screen
i may not have a brain , gentlemen , but i have an idea
for kids of all ages ...
not recommended for children !
contains porpaganda !
monster mash movie hit !
it 's all in the title !
wonderful summertime treat ( even though it 's still spring ) ...
a 'monstrous ' success and certainly no 'alien ' to entertainment !
saw it in 3-d , i enjoyed it !
falls flat if not for the 3d presentation
for what it 's worth , this movie is n't half bad .
a fun movie
decent but unmemorable
who will win in this death match ?
overall , this was n't a bad film at all
mildly entertaining but flat animated sci-fi comedy
not dreamworks ' best work ... .actually probably their lowest point .
when aliens attack , monsters fight back !
enjoyable retro sci-fi animation
not perfect , but its really funny
a fun sci-fi flick for all ages .
so-so , if not for the 3d effects
solid animation
see it in 3d !
monstrous alienation .
solidly entertaining , epically huge and a romping good time
oooze gon na save us ?
a very good and fun 3d movie
monster hit ... uh ... alien hit !
kids will find it to be like chocolate cotton candy in a silver platter .
everyone else , it 's a coin toss
monsters v.s aliens !
i heard bad things , but this film is good .
just about right
monsters vs aliens a very funny animated movie
amusing animated valentine to '50s/'60s sci-fi/horror films ; witherspoon is a wonderful action heroine/giantess !
pretty innocent , and fun to watch
kind of fun , but the gags rarely work
a delightful treat for horror fans !
i 'm amazed cronenberg had a career after this
may seem hokey at first , but it gets into your brain .
`` liar , liar , your head 's on fire ! ''
needed more head explosions
`` scanners '' - your mind is about to e-x-p-l-o-d-e ! !
more than just an exploding head !
in this day and age , nothing to lose one 's head over ...
oh what could have been
overrated entry from cronenberg
great gory schlocky fun of various possible interpretations
way above standard stuff
read my lips , my mind , and my terror
my 347th review : ... this is as good as tv gets ... .
geeky randy 's summary
one of the greatest television shows of all-time .
an excellent , powerful , unforgettable , stylish tv classic .
a show with no soul
hbo shines bright again
simply ... wow !
the tale of the unlikely gangster
another hbo show
people with no character make for great tv
epic period gangster soap
a brilliant crime story filled with flare , emotion , and memorable characters .
this type of thing is the new `` great american novel ''
excellent film , one of the best of its type ever
uneven mix ...
maybe they should have used the screenplay that stephen king wrote instead
fair adaptation of a great story
on the edge of brilliance
needful things
a `` pg '' rated horror movie that actually works very well .
something wicked haunted my dreams for years !
suck it and see .
but leave your preconceptions at the door
this film deserves no compliments
the greatest trick the devil ever pulled ... .
complicated does n't mean intelligent
well-made but confusingly overstated mobblegänger
those who criticise are simply not wise ...
the film is decent but not what is expected
as ambitious as humanly possible
did n't deserve to get hammered the way it did .
a film that deserves ( and requires ) multiple viewings
have fun figuring this one out
i think this was all about chess
ritchie fails to capture the energy of snatch and lock stock
revolver - a thinking persons movie
a thinking movie .
a unique work of film art
almost .
time will be kind to revolver
ritchie 's latest is a convoluted mess despite attempts to stretch his skills
minor film from guy ritchie
lots of curves in this one .
final 20 minutes nearly makes up for other 70
one of my favorite horror movies
`` do you think he 's dead ? ''
... `` they never are . ''
heebie jeebies
forget this one , check out the superior sequel instead
scary breathtaking horror thriller
killer opening ... but thats it .
finally a satisfying horror flick
he 's coming to get you !
where did you get the eyes ?
sometimes over the top but a one of a kind horror film .
amazing horror film
good horror film , but with room for improvement
tell me more about mr .
hungry eyes
where did u get those peepers
creepy villain , decent scary movie
no creeps in this crap film
eye , there 's the rub !
starts off effectively , but spirals into silliness ...
not great , not terrible
it eats for 23 days on every 23rd spring
jeepers creepers , i 've seen it with my peepers ... .
just ok .
a horror movie i could get behind !
why ?
move over freddy , the creeper is in town !
`` this is my boom stick ''
`` favorite evil dead film ! ''
final chapter in the evil dead trilogy but works as as a stand alone movie
`` klaatu , barada .
necktie ! ''
an action packed , hilarious classic finale to the evil dead trilogy .
no horror , but a decent action comedy lies somewhere around here .
this is the definition of a cult movie
bruce campbell in his prime
alright , you primitive screwheads , listen up !
3rd installment kicks ass !
stupid ai n't the same as funny ...
actually a 7.5 for campy humor and allot of fun ! !
bruce campbell vs. army of darkness
excellent entertainment
`` well hello mr .
fancy pants . ''
hail to the king , baby , his name is bruce campbell
how could you not like this ?
groovy !
a very funny , stupid movie
can they be stopped , the `` army of darkness '' ?
camp horror classic - close to perfection .
now listen up , you primitive screwheads ... you must watch this movie ! !
soooooooo funny !
bravehearts of darkness
bones , books , and campbell
campy action-horror-comedy ...
i 've now seen all three `` evil dead '' movies ...
81 minutes of pure fun !
different place and time , same ash
one of the best bad movies ever
`` hail to the king , baby ''
a sui generis epic !
magnificent !
definitely not your usual horror film
profound primitive art
absolutely ridiculous .
evil dead 3
sam raimi had to put an end to the series somehow !
love the first two but do n't like this
we 're talking `` dr. strangelove '' quality satire here
a loop of vitrioic language
a snarling mouthful of iannucci
in the loop
very sharp and clever
f**ing subsidised foreign vowels
brilliant satire
a brilliant political satire
war of words
new labour spin satire-feature
confusingly , viciously amusing
witty , fast and nasty
iannucci sacrifices much for the big screen
loopedoo !
murdering the british labour party
the anachry of govenment .
an anti-war shag ?
in the loop
outstanding comedic writing makes `` in the loop '' in all-time quotable
laugh out loud with in the loop
now that 's great writing
'loop ' scenarists remain smugly above the fray
political satire done right .
incisive but repetitive .
fantastic satire
it does n't matter if it happened or not , it is true !
enjoyable relentless british sarcasm
so you like a little politics with your swearing ...
a breathlessly funny , spookily literal , send-up of the current state of politics
non-stop british sarcasm on parade in this sharp-tongued , incendiary 'satire '
in the loop
political satire that hits the nail perfectly on the head
matheson 's metaphysical masterpiece ...
the greatest of all b-movies and a masterpiece
`` the incredible shrinking man '' - make way for the little guy !
zen psychonaut
no other sci-fi film has emotionally affected me as much as this one
passable sci-fi but with a woeful ending
such a positive surprise
`` i am conceived , therefore i have a special place ``
the incredible shrinking man
a good date movie for women and guys
i never thought jennifer garner could be so ... .
an innocuous romantic comedy turns hideously contrived in progress ... literal movie torture
be the tea , mr. yummy
never achieves the realism it strives for
this movie became a headache to sit through .
admit it- you liked it !
toothless pabulum about a young woman 's grief has very few sunny spots
do n't catch it
smith saves this atrociously half-baked film from total oblivion
all in good fun
chom chomp deelicious
kids will love it , parents will be annoyed at its attempt for cuteness
nice to look at , pretty much inconsequential
predictable but funny and engaging animation for the family
good movie
sharkpun heaven !
fun for the kids but adults will get the hidden gags and in-jokes .
has its moments .
something was very fishy about `` shark tale '' .
big name stars do n't make the film any better .
shark tale ca n't hang with the animation big fish
an excellent movie , even though it has some flaws
i 've seen better kids movies
the best parts are on the trailer , and the trailer was poor .
very hit and miss
not quite a `` nemo '' , but still a good film .
underwater wise guys !
`` ok horror flick ! ''
this is scary
if it was n't for that kid 's horrible voice ...
`` we 'll end up sleeping in a tent . ''
`` i wish ! ''
stylish but incoherent shocker from lucio fulci .
one of fulci 's best
risible meretricious tripe
alternate title : a pink gun for yogi
another whacked out gem from one of the masters of horror
spooky splatter fest inside a haunted house courtesy by fulci .
a haunted house movie with slasher elements .
`` come on , you 're gon na love it .
smell that country air . ''
the secret of the basement
not too bad of an offering from the great lucio fulci ...
coffy ?
i 'll have mine hot , sweet and black .
violent and dated .
fun and volcanic exploitation
entertaining , sometimes intentionally silly , action-packed thriller .
not sure what i think
what the hell does `blaxploitation ' mean ?
foxy lady !
a blacksploitation classic , a balance between intelligent writing and very exploitable elements
not a patch on the first film .
a more serious and darker sequel
predictable , ludicrous , but jonathan pryce ...
where is the fun ?
plenty of great visuals and action but not much story .
not as good as the first `` g.i .
joe ''
superb action !
better than the original , but not really great
all the retaliation seems to be aimed at the audience
a spoiler-free review
g.i .
joe retaliation failed to stand out
action , adrenaline , and no-brains ...
plenty of action but the plot was too thin and characters under-developed
an improvement over the rise of cobra
yo , joe , too
i so wanted to like it , but i could n't
the great channing tatum deception
still no resemblance to the cartoon series
slightly better than the first but really just more of the same
pretty bad when rise of cobra is the superior film ...
g.i .
joes are much better this time around !
as bad as you would expect
`` everybody wants to rule the world . ''
better than its predecessor , but still not good
entertaining and very watchable action movie
gi do n't know how i sat through it !
it 's a no go joes , a no go !
extended cut
much better than i was expecting
a nutshell review : g.i .
joe : retaliation
1st movie was a superhero-type film ; this one just a 'soldier ' movie
universal soldiers .
strong potential
no 2001 : a space oddessy but not bad anyway .
the origins kubrick disowned .
kubrick 's baby steps
kubrick 's flawed first film
a soldier 's tale of fear and desire
some trademarks present
no signs of future genius
lovely and sparkling social satire
funny with witty dialogue
the bullocks of mayberry
charming and heartwarming
depressing depression `` comedy '' .
magical lombard plus dapper powell sparkle in comedy classic
my man godfrey
classic screwball comedy
leisurely western
one of the last great traditional hollywood westerns
story driven john wayne western
john wayne classic still majorly entertains
good western
truly a john wayne western classic
a true classic ...
an instant classic
slow working rattle snake venom
a great film but now what i expected - 74 %
the legendary western for the legendary western actor was just okay for me
the strong , the weak , and the problematic .
one of john wayne 's finest performance ,
all hail queen blanchett !
royal failure
queen elizabeth - one of a kind .
good film with its fair share of flaws
superb period drama
excellent !
monarchy requires total devotion
modern classic !
queen blanchett
the muddled monarchy
the virgin queen elizabeth
one of 1998 's best pictures
brilliant historical film
it was okay ...
historically epic
elizabeth reigns high .
the performance by cate blanchett was remarkable
the building of a queen
a nutshell review : elizabeth
revenge flick tough to figure out
b-limey .
not particularly bad , but do n't get your hopes up
well-directed and acted ; a solid crime drama
one of the worst films in recent years
eminently forgettable mockney-export
interesting ...
limey is good and that is no lie
steven soderbergh style
more things that happened ...
for once , soderbergh 's trademark editing style is put to good use
soderberg once again is more show than tell
the movie `` traffic '' and `` out of sight '' were supposed to be
something to rattle the cages
sixties icons stamp and fonda have n't lost their touch ...
mildly entertaining comic-book crud from wes craven .
heaping mound of man-thing ...
swamp thing
`` every man for himself , and god against all . ''
amplification of each 's essence
good comic book fun , but marred by a troubled production
so-so , ultimately pointless
into the nuthouse with nic cage and werner herzog
boring experiment
the lesser of two evils
it ai n't bad
bad herzog
fairly bland and jumbled bore
madness , drugs , sex , violence and cages best in years .
improves as it progresses
cage and mendes are good
not great , but a pretty interesting experience
crazed , entertaining but indecisive nihilist-thriller
cage back on form ! ...
herzy did a bad , bad thing !
this is actually pretty good
man on a mission ...
not as good as the original but very entertaining
nic cage fires on all cylinders again !
a marvelous film that oddly ties all the elements to a piece .
return to form for nicholas cage
the good , the bad , and the iguana
not quite a new orleans saint
cage on crack .
why was this movie even made ?
if you do n't understand it do n't rate it
not as expected , but i liked it
comedy or drama ?
a pleasant surprise
leaving new orleans
functional and off the hook !
iguana hold your hand
nicolas cage at his best.offbeat , comic and dramatic .
val kilmer was in this ?
is this the same police force my father was in ?
`` as empty experiences go , it 's one of the best . ''
good woody
life in 19th-century russia ; what a joke !
mr.cinema is the best !
hilarious and clever farce
allen on bergman
a novel spoof
ok , i 'm starting to miss the good old hand drawn animation
you 'll have fun , fun , fun with this zoomer
great animation but ...
fast cars in long movie !
great movie
the incredibles took the plaudits but this takes the biscuit !
this is alright
`` i 'm a precision instrument of speed and aerodynamics . ''
good but not super unleaded
fast flowing family fun
a world of cars ?
why not ?
it 's good .
pixar powered
great movie !
another triumph for pixar ...
good , but that is n't the usual reaction to pixar/disney
one of my favourite pixar movie and it has schumi in it
hand another one to the gods of publicity
gold , gold , gold
once again , pixar proves it has its heart in the right place
not the best of the pixar movies , but nonetheless an above-the-average animated hit
hard for kids with ants in their pants syndrome
it is ok , but is lacking in pixar flavor
though still a good movie , this is by far pixar 's worst .
the ride of your life ! !
looks like a lexus ...
another animation success
try turning right to go left !
one nice ride .
nice ride
rips off doc hollywood
fantastic animaton but too often stuck in neutral
fun for all ages
7-0 another winner by pixar
a daily comment from midget emma : cars ( 2006 )
totally awesome , one of my favourites from pixar !
cars , stars , + pixar = success
did n't met my expectations
cars ( 2006 ) - get your kicks on route 66 !
another pixar masterpiece .
pixar 's weakest film to date
a must see if you are a car nut
crashed in the middle
pleasantly surprised !
looks like a dream and handles very well - 85 %
almost automobile heaven ...
pixar on cruise control
cars is an incredible addition to pixar 's library
pixar delivers another classic package .
perfect for the kid who loves matchbox racers - his parents , less so
driven by good pacing , some substance and amazing animation
despite the generic story , it 's a good pixar movie .
there 's more to racing than just 'winning ' ... truly wonderful !
this is a slow grower
mildly interesting
life in the fast lane
exquisite and fun .
visuals steal the show .
love it , great fun with great characters ,
a great , fun film ! !
pixar is pure magick !
who would have believed it ?
7 smashes in a row !
*yawn* predictable , stereotyped , and limited
if you enjoy british literature ,
the artist in conflict with society .
do you like me ?
well do you ?
un-costumed drama
undeliverably dull
more falsely romanticized eng .
lit .
depp is our most amazing living actor
no one understands me ... .excess ! !
worthy of much more praise
wig show
great filming is not enough
good acting ca n't salvage dreary period piece
a rebel without a cause , 17th century style .
great performance by johnny depp , but too theatrical
dark melodrama with unexpected depth
depp delivers all good
like most of depp 's recent films , very impressive
simply stunning .
entertaining but overdone
more wrestling than dancing
still effective after all these years ...
great american classic
still powerful acting showcase for the two leads but penn also deserves acclaim
what is this , a horror film ?
the feral child in us all
a little stagy but worth seeing
literally made my heart ache
`` there were blue flames burning the sheets of his bed .
he ran through the flames toward the only two people he loved . ''
story of alienation and lost romance is like a clothesline for metaphors ...
haunting guitar soundtrack and mental imagery
wim wenders ' atmospheric american road movie
wonderfully realized slice of life drama
a fancy lady
the continued development of the dark romance with cinema
near perfect .
a clouded past - a clearing future
a long winding road
through the road darkly
one of the best american films ... made by a german
a heartbreaking and emotional triumph
patient viewers in for a beautiful treat ... unique movie-going experience
a foreign but also familiar world
middle of the road zany comedy with a few touches of genius
mixed feelings
madcap romp of unbridled silliness and hilarity
michael james : `` pussycat from the sky , i ca n't resist you ''
unusual people in real situations , real people in unusual situations
it swings baby !
what was a good comedy is only moderate entertainment , today
baby did a bad bad thing
distasteful ...
the definition of a suspenseful thriller !
this drama/thriller has some good moments of suspense .
an absolute gem of a thriller
average and predictable .
better than the reviews suggest
very strange
4 out of 10
excellent movie .
shattered is the name of film on dvd
football movie done right
my favorite american soccer movie..
not cliché .
whether that is good or bad is up to you .
football is life , the rest is just details
the best sports movie ever released on october 6 , 2004 .
a touching football & life story
a journey taken where you discover the true meaning of `` football ''
filmed like a documentary
a great show for about 3 ( maybe 4 ) seasons
outstanding political drama with wit , humour and lashings of liberal thinking
`` they say a good man can not be elected president .
i do n't believe that ! ''
one of the best shows of the first decade of the 21st century
my favourite television programme
way out west
amazingly boring
paint it blacker
a stretch
hilarious if boxed-in
so enjoyable !
like it ?
i loved it !
steve coogan ... you legend
a solid british comedy
offbeat and funny
hilarious coogan
effective cinema outing for partridge
hilarious !
now i need to find the tv programs .
back of the net !
great comedy
relatively low-key , and all the better for it
well butter my arse , it 's ruddy bloody good !
comic actors playing serious roles .
an excellent , hilarious , underrated comedy/crime drama from eddie murphy .
murphy 's only directorial effort is memorable
loads of comedic talent and the film is a bore .
it just makes no sense .
eddie 's lavish vanity piece that probably looked great on paper ...
very underrated !
dreadful movie
everything is awesome .
great fun
not quite awesome , but fun nonetheless
everything is awesome
everything is indeed awesome
the best movie surprise of my life ( so far )
recommended for ages zero or older .
everyone will love it , and `` everything is awesome '' !
an enjoyable delight - but a little over-hyped
irritatingly frenetic and ugly to look at
everything was awesome !
finally , a movie based around my favourite childhood toy
a fun film that made me a kid .
of course , i am already a proud kid .
more i think of this movie the more i love it .
one of the best animated movie in comedy ever !
( sorry for english mistakes )
please just watch it
lego of your preconceptions
way overrated
an utter delight that blows away all expectations ; see this film !
better then a lego movie should be
the lego movie was entertaining enough without providing too many laughs
everything is awesome
hilarious and endlessly imaginative film for lego die-hards and and their parents/kids
full of energy and imagination
starts strong but is ultimately disappointing
i wish i could go where everything is awesome
a must see - hilariously entertaining .
surprisingly one of the best animated films i 've ever seen
a legendary bag of laughs
inventive as plastic blocks in the hands of a hyperactive 4 yr old
for kids and adults
the best comedy of the year
not that ... err ... special
brilliant concept but falls apart towards the end - 82 %
heart 's in the right place but too frenetic
everything is not quite awesome but it was okay
the lego movie is so much better than it should 've been
everything is indeed awesome !
smart , funny , and refreshingly original , everything is awesome in the lego movie
creative and entertaining !
lego blocks galore .
simple plot .
entertaining .
`` make sure it 's black , or really dark gray '' - batman
purrs along at light-speed until the ending
surprisingly profound
let go
surprisingly good , animated film is a triumph
a near perfect family film ,
a few good humorous moments lead up to a very heartfelt message .
a fun movie , but with an ambiguous message
the lego movie
disturbing how it seems like they actually predicted the future !
fritz lang wins science fiction
the best sci-fi film of all time ?
not the perfect sci-fi movie
a spectacular , dramatic , erotic and hugely entertaining politically allegoric sci-fi
father of sci-fi !
love will save us from tearing each other apart
the outer limits
magnificent vision of the future
stunning ! ...
a disturbing point of view on the future
way ahead of its time
astonishing odyssey of imagination ; the quintessential science-fiction
when head and hand come together .
legendary and influential 80 years later
a stunning and daring achievement for a silent film .
amazing sets , huge cast & details
the inventor preaches rebellion
stunnig piece from the history of cinema
a science fiction classic
the biggest-budgeted movie ever produced at germany 's ufa .
a timeless classic , still relevant today , and not just a science fiction movie
a genuine milestone for cinema and sci-fi - 93 %
ahead of its time
my favorite silent movie
one hilarious movie
undemanding fodder redeemed by good performances
i 've never felt so dirty
a classic production movie
hoffman , streisand and deniro make movie worth watching
a waste of their talent and my time and money
meet the fockers ( 2004 ) **1/2
similar to the first .
average sequel
could have been a lot worse
want some laughs ?
stay home & catch a seinfeld rerun
nice sequel ...
focking fun !
meet the fockers is a very nice comedy .
one of my very own favorites !
the inner circle
a waste of your time and their talent
not as good as the first , but still a funny adventure .
a satisfactory sequel
big stars doing kitsch
family sagger !
one-gag comedy - 52 %
streisand and hoffman lend buoyancy as mother and father focker in a minor league comedy
you 've met the byrnes ...
fockerize this !
'meet the fockers ' - two hours of fun ?
meet your reality !
( screen )
you been fockerised
i loved this film .
a knockabout comedy for effortless sunday afternoon viewing
meet the good movie !
decent flick
mild ok comedy
groot to the last drop
i 've played video games that make better movies than this stinker
please do n't feel like you have to laugh .
probably at a time when they need to change their formula
ca n't be cool and witty , designed by committee
`` good sci-fi flick ! ''
a combination of star wars and the avengers
this is the new benchmark
the best movie of summer 2014 so far
`` we 're just like kevin bacon . ''
i can get behind these misfits
a roller coaster ride from start to finish .
well done and dazzling at every turn ... and funny !
guardians of the galaxy is a hugely entertaining film
unique spectacle
the best entry in marvel 's phase two
a spectacularly funny action space adventure
totally awesome !
this high grade ?
hm ?
great style meshed with characters whom evoke star wars
the outcasts got it right !
a rollicking great space adventure
perfect start ...
send in the guardians !
a surprising brilliance
assembly-line computer-generated comic ...
a love letter from children of the 70s and 80s to sci-fantasy
everything works !
guardians of the galaxy is the best marvel cinematic universe to date .
liked it a lot more than i thought i would !
better than john carter of mars
simply a fun movie to watch
better than i expected
dance like kevin bacon
beautiful film , great action , but zero drama .
guardians of the galaxy was another awesome marvel movie
an energetic superhero flick !
the best marvel movie yet
quirky , funny and lovable , `` guardians '' pulls of being geeky and cool
guardians of a cool galaxy
the best from marvel so far
better than most , but could have been better
a special effects mess and adhd editing , but funny
a fun movie from start to finish
marvel has fun with/ for the audience
like someone else already said - `` a new hope ''
a fresh fun filled entertaining ride
i was amazingly surprised
marvelous job by marvel again this year
an exceptional film that could 've been a cluster
anti-heroes do n't strike a chord
a truly fantastic film that proves just how good marvel truly is
guardians of the galaxy is visually the greatest film you 'll ever see .
truly an unmatchable achievement with thrilling visuals , heart-felt moments , and more .
a rather unusual but fun superhero flick .
`` i am groot ! ''
good movie , but these 8.9 ratings are insane
this marvel gamble pays off more often than not .
yeah ! ! !
we are just that ...
this is fun , d'you hear me ?
fun .
it might make its money back
as i suspected , that raccoon makes it all worthwhile
easy on the eye , but boring affair .
marvel laughs !
the galaxy is in good hands
not bad at all for a bunch of a-holes - 87 %
the best marvel movie yet !
fun and entertaining fantasy movie
fun ?
yes .
but far from groundbreaking .
a delightfully offbeat sci-fi comedy
pure sci-fi popcorn fun
in a moonage daydream
fun with a capital f , this is how you do a summer blockbuster
`` why would you want to save the galaxy ? ''
`` because i 'm one of the idiots who lives in it ! ''
entertaining flick that borrows elements from other sci-fi crew movies
a few problematic scenes but a really fun ride
awesome , hilarious , great film !
great motley crew
the rompiest ... and the best of the marvel universe films !
`` i am surrounded by the biggest idiots in the galaxy . ''
one of the best sci-fi of this year
about film
2 hours and 2 minutes of hilarity ( full review )
marvel 's best movie yet
the most entertaining marvel movie ever seen ! ! ! ! ! ! !
guardians of the galaxy is a movie made for me .
oddest of oddballs in marvel history amazing
great movie !
the most fun to be had all year , perhaps the decade
we 're in good hands .
i think .
this is really groot !
guardians of the galaxy
hooked on a guardian
a sublime assault on the senses , easily the biggest hit of the summer
very good comic book movie
probably the saddest movie ever .
a parable of the human soul
this film should be viewed by everybody
mesmerizingly beautiful !
a baroque masterpiece
excellent film
a beautiful movie with an interesting subject
hurt is perfect
heart wrenching !
masterpiece ...
excellent ! ...
an amazing movie .
very , very moving .
very good film .
emotionally exhausting but the most beautiful film i 've ever seen
one of the greatest movies i have ever seen !
greatness !
stunning artistic depiction of one man 's true life story
fascinating story exploring humanity through a rare example
unforgettable masterpiece
a master filmmaker at his very finest
keep the tissues handy !
this one will surely touch you ... ..
depressing but absolutely astounding
one of lynch 's best films
`` i am a human being ! ''
one of the greatest films ever made
a whole lotta fun !
graphic excellence mounted on wafer thin plot .
the second of pixar 's efforts .
`` a bugs life '' is one delightful animated feature !
flaming death !
a bug 's life
another wonderful family adventure from pixar !
pixar does ants
fun charming family movie
a fun insect adventure from pixar
pixar 's weakest is still worth a look - 73 %
a classic pixar ...
a real charmer .
another fresh take on familiar territory from pixar
not the best , not the worst .
not as good as toy story .
still a very good movie , but one of my least favorite to watch
a not so perfect interpretation of the old grasshopper and ant tale
great fun , but not pixar 's best .
standard hollywood feelgood schlock which should have gone straight to video
no offense , but i do n't foresee the imminent cultivation of the chicago vine
the alan rickman part of this movie is pretty good
ambitious effort , gone astray
stays on point so well
an unpretentious and entertaining true story of california wine
salud .
er .
cin-cin .
er .
à la vôtre ?
audience please for this little gem
pullman , rickman , and rodriguez are stellar .
a nice break from all the summer action .
delightful movie based on a true story
a fair vintage in this truth is stranger than fiction dramedy
this tale of calif. wine industry leaves a sour taste .
to boldly go where no duck has gone
ladies and gentlemen , i kid you not , they added a duck .
not quite a centre of excellence ...
and monseiuer jules verne would have been so proud !
that 's entertainment
for a movie made in 1959 it does rather well in its presentation .
enjoyable family entertainment
conventional and stiff but adequate
`` no one has ever seen the saknussem ocean ''
overlong but has its moments
being a child star rocks , it 's being an ex child star that stinks
an awesome nostalgia movie .
awful .
a story for the former child star in all of us !
a truly funny film with heart
as bad as you think ... or worse
uninspired action
rousing adventure from hollywood 's golden age
your a better film than most , gunga din .
there are moments , large and small , but my gut reaction was strained disappointment
a disappointing film .
good ole fashion blow-em-up action adventure
the three musketeers go to india
gunga din- all too thin **
it certainly has a lot of metaphors and subtext .
a film that stays with you long after you have watched it
disturbing beyond belief ...
intelligent , emotional , grotesque , horror
pretentious decadent excess
`` god is in me ''
if you are looking for some comedy and action
a fun action comedy-drama adventure thriller
it is ok for a 6 .
some guys just ca n't seem to retire
plots and double plots
should be called `` ed ''
a solid sequel
true to the original -- a perfectly watchable action comedy
oh silly , silly rabbit , red2 is for kids ! !
not worth your time
seniors in fast forward
move over bruce !
guilty pleasures
more fun
has fun as the first one .
not 2 much
better done than the first , but less funny
`` abso-bloody-lutely '' great summer blockbuster
a little smarter , a little sharper and still a lot of fun
disappointing .
nothing new
john malkovich is still awesome !
`` two shots , here , and here .
drag the body in there and repeat as necessary . ''
a sequel that keeps the level of the first movie
the dependables
older but not more relaxed
by-the-numbers sequel to what could 've been an engaging franchise
ready , set , fire
promises , promises
mary kay letourneau does rosemary 's baby
pretty fascinating .
think piece !
beautiful but boring tale of languid love
a slow , but intriguing movie
with great potential , it falls flat on its face
too much unnecessary labor to this birth
do n't see this movie
love endures .
a film of two scenes
kidman somehow has the key to my most closely held parts
quirky , offbeat , unsettling and quite interesting
birth fails to deliver .
all things truly wicked start from an innocence-ernest hemingway
are you kidding me ?
the boy in the striped pyjamas is a heartbreaking film .
maybe the most powerful indictment of nazism ever made by hollywood .
a different approach
the boy in the striped pajamas succeeds , but does not excel
so bad , it 's a sin
pure fictional sentimentality loosely based on history
wow !
haunting ironies of a child with a nazi father
i 'll second that
a very touching and heart breaking drama
evil versus innocence
the boy in the striped pajamas
considering the subject , why was n't i moved or even shocked ?
a tough , brilliant drama
never forget
does the uniform still make you feel special ?
the boy in the striped pajamas
well-meaning but dubiously probable ...
the holocaust presented as a grim children 's fable
a young person 's introduction to the holocaust and tragedy
novel approach to serious subject
utterly inspiring
original approach
the boy in the striped dilemma
implausible holocaust tragic fable .
innocence meets evil
evil as seen though the eyes of innocent children
why are you wearing a pyjama ?
heavy , compelling , sensitive and sad .
a minor gem
this certainly is n't a bedtime story .
a subtle performance with a landmark crescendo ...
a morality tale on the nazi era
you can always see its intentions through the script ...
an original interpretation of the matters surrounding the holocaust .
innocence meets tragedy .
shallow in a huge event
touching and powerful , but lacking
i told you , it 's not a game ; we just all have numbers
a powerful , distressing but important piece of cinema
wow ... just wow
`` as for darkness ?
i invented darkness : .
adolf hitler ! ``
manipulative , unbelievable
this film is so unbelievable it is almost a comedy .
we 're not supposed to be friends , you and me .
we 're meant to be enemies .
did you know that ?
emotionally draining , if at times overly simplistic
mr. t is wonderful
`` go for it ! ''
the rocky movie with the most to offer .
remembered rooting for ol ' rocky .
arguably the second best rocky film
rocco goes down hard ...
inspirational .
lighter rocky makes for a lighter movies
predictions ?
pain rocky iii
why so serious ?
the third rocker
probably the second best rocky after the first one
one of the most entertaining films ever made
hit me baby one more time
shift in the series .
rocky v.s .
mr. t .
almost loses `` the eye of the tiger '' half-way through
rocky iii
rocky loses for the first time is a good thing .
almost the best one in the series
come on , hit me harder !
ai n't so bad !
ai n't so bad !
a more original sequel compared to the third with a great cast ,
a romcom at fails at all levels
looking for answers
playing for keeps handles the comedy and drama well for what it is
`` playing for keeps '' will make you weep !
formulaic but barely tolerable film
not much playing here .
a snail 's pace drama that sort of misses direction
not really funny but a watchable rom-com
decent film .
kiss the ... coach
egad !
this is one funny movie even though the football game is so brutal
adam sandler sucks at r rated comedy
i do n't care what anyone says , this version is better
it was a'iight
yet again , a good work by segal & sandler !
mean machine rip off !
go sandler !
not the best adam sandler movie , but in the top 5
better than waterboy , but still unremarkable
outright hilarious ! !
really stupid movie ... ..one of sandler 's best ! !
do n't sell this film on the wrestlers !
very good .
not as good as the original , but still funny
all remakes are alike , but still good to watch
about as bad a mr .
very funny remake
the longest yard - my positive review .
with some jocular moments and amusingly funny characters .
the funniest adam sandler movie ever !
refreshingly nice change .
cornier than a veggie burger but still fun - 68 %
sandler movie with burt being burt .
yeah , it 's entertaining .
get use to it
great laughs
very funny movie !
6 out of 10 a second or 3rd movie rental for the night .
a respectful and entertaining remake
is there really any mileage in american football movies for non-us audiences ?
underrated ,
the longest yard touchdown !
excellent , thought provoking movie
a tryst to build a dream on ...
sam mendes gets it wrong -- again
there is so much beauty in the world .
good , but not great
when kevin spacey is on fire , nobody can touch him !
touching and funny !
at the same time !
kinds of make you appreciate what you have .
do n't be fooled - it is largely cliché and trash
beauty is in the eye of the beholder
a hollywood puzzle
if you love plastic bags flying about , you 'll love this
not the usual fayre for a best picture
on reflection , testifying to the inner reality
a work of art .
total oscar bait , but at least part of it 's entertaining .
american beauty is a pure masterpiece .
enjoy the beauty
classic beauty !
this is a great movie- see it !
stunning writing in established issue driven drama
adolescent .
in mendes ' curdled 'american ' dream , 'beauty ' runs deep !
an outstanding movie looking at the mid-life crisis
american beautiful
spacey at his best
american masterpiece
hollywood 's contemptuous view of `` flyover country ''
pure filming excellence !
cinematic beauty !
an absolutely dark and beautiful film .
american beauty surprised me ... ..
entertaining movie
spectacular !
there is no exaggeration with the `` beauty '' in the title .
look closer indeed
a classic
look closer ...
beauty in the least likely of places
in the last 13 years , american beauty remains a culturally worthy film to observe
one of the 10 best films i have ever seen .
a truly beautiful film .
an american masterpiece .
another example of an excellent but largely misunderstood movie .
smart , subversive , contrived , and forever open for debate
the answer to the question nobody asked
a dark comical masterpiece
what 's eating up lester .
the pretenders
an american classic !
review of `` american beauty ''
american beauty ( 1999 ) - so much beauty !
i ca n't take it !
weirdo movie
a darkly comic critique of suburban stupor with a measured touch of redemption .
do n't understand
look closer ...
very-very-very `` american ugly '' , if you ask me
it makes you think ... .
a love song for the suburban , self-perceived loser
a good look at family angst and life drama .
beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
a philosophical examination of one of my favorite films
i guess you either love it or hate it .
i loved it .
over rated , depressing not worthy of oscar
my favorite film from the 90s
film-making at it 's best !
this is the one movie that will change your life .
an american beauty of a movie
visually stunning , often hilarious and very moving
very good , but not quite great
depressing but very real .
`` never underestimate the power of denial . ''
powerful acting , great story ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
beautiful !
truly , a film that is full of beauty .
almost perfect
ignore the hype to avoid disappointment
you must see this film .
`` you have suddenly become my hero ''
funniest film of the year
kevin spacey rules !
spacey and co. shine in one of the '90s best films
dark and very honest , to a degree ,
look closer
yet again the critics and the american academy get it wrong
an edgy final tribute to robin williams
fairly entertaining ...
what were they aiming for ?
sentimental , sure , but has its moments
it fails to be a comedy
timely film about a dying robin williams
a bad day in a bad movie
could 've gone in style
how robin williams ended his career
almost as bad as freddy 's revenge
`` now no one sleeps ! ''
whooooo !
more nightmares .
blame the dog .
the fourth film did show the film could age but it is still fun .
just another nightmare film .
interesting transition .
three-four , should have shut the door !
the mind , the soul , the spirit
hugely popular entry in the series
you should n't have buried him .
he 's not dead .
like a discarded tissue containing booger !
not the best , not the worst
decent follow up continues the fun legendary slasher series
you should n't have buried me , i 'm not dead
the regression of the horror genre
the mtv nightmare movie .
unfarily bashed .
part 4 is scarier then the first 3
alright horror movie but definitely not as good as the first !
a nightmare on elm street 4 : the dream master
weak fourth chapter
the jokes have been done before but ...
there 's nothing ugly about the ugly truth ...
the ugly truth
another mediocre romantic comedy
a decent but honesty look at relational ugliness
if you are a self-loathing single woman , its your cup of tea
ugly awful !
definitely better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick
a chick movie that guys will like
a very nice romantic comedy
an enjoyable , humorous film .
just ugly
it 's called a stairmaster the ugly truth
entertaining rom-com with katherine heigl and gerald butler .
it was more entertaining then i expected it to be .
i 'm guessing they learned the ugly truth with the box office receipts
better than what i expected
pretty good chick-flick .
standard rom-com or gross-out comedy ?
a belabored movie that ca n't make up its mind
unbelievable and raunchy and sassy romantic comedy .
crude , cute , funny ... you 'll howl and love the chemistry
too raunchy and a bad script
forget the reviews : loved the film !
a cheap rip off of 'hitch '
not bad but could have been better
not a bad movie .
impossible to laugh or feel emotion for these characters ,
i like women on top .
a nutshell review : the ugly truth
kambakht ishq + the ugly truth = the same crap !
thoroughly predictable but i loved it !
the fourth estate
glass is shattered !
what we want to hear
shattered glass is flashy but lacks a human story
excellent drama !
compelling story , brilliantly told
shattering !
good story that shows a truly pathetic man
it plays like a good thriller
absorbing and fascinating look at the journalism world
glass shatters
when `` glass '' shatters ...
a breakdown of shattered glass
a true story is often more fascinating than a fictitious one .
truth lies inside .
very poorly executed
sometimes things sound too good to be true .
shattered glass holds together
this guy is toast
`` there 's no place for horror like home ! ''
a crazy , but fun ride .
`` you think that i 'm loony tunes ? ''
classic 1980s haunted house film .
good introduction to r horror movies
tongue in cheek horror
terrific well made haunted house movie
fun eighties comedy horror
if these walls could talk , they 'd scream !
`` what 's in a name ? ''
- but hussey tops danes from head to toe
beautiful adaptation of shakespeare 's tragedy .
lush and beautifully filmed .
i did n't like this at all
timeless love
one of the best romance movies ever made
brave new version for 1968
`` where be these enemies ?
-- capulet , montague ... . all are punished . ''
one of the greatest fantasy films
sheer nonsense
imagination .
it is full of .
that odd terry gilliam
wild convoluted wonderful mess
a monumentally expensive , and disappointing , muddle
loved it !
a steampunk iron man
not ... quite ... there .
this is how you bring a comic book to the big screen .
jet-packs into old-fashioned , rip-snorting adventure .
in a nutshell , the most entertaining disney movie that i 've ever seen
retro and proud !
vibrant , stylish throwback with a flat personality
a outdated period superhero flick
big boring rip-off
an amazing period piece !
`` underrated 80 's flick ! ''
howard , forever the underduck
kinda torn ; not really bad and not really good
a great example of a classic 80 's movie
howard the duck
horrible film
my eyes could n't take anymore so they ran out of my head .
one of the major cult movies of the 1980 's .
must see to believe
duck me  it really is n't that bad
please , please , please , send me to the oscars !
grossly underrated comedy classic
howard the duck
not the `` worst movie of all time '' as many sources state
wonderfully funny and sweet comic book fare .
call me crazy but i liked this !
a humanized version of an iconic hollywood creature .
does n't deserve the overwhelming negative reviews
i still do n't know why i went and saw this movie
beautiful , passionate film-making .
frankenstein sans nuts & bolts ! !
strictly okay !
what else can you expect
not every graphic novel needs a movie
the real monster is the movie itself
utter crap
as bad as everyone says ?
cgi could only help so much
a poor film that deserves the poor ratings it has gotten
lifeless movie with many little problems
a hollow movie presented in a sparkling array of cgi effects ...
a surprisingly entertaining take on the frankenstein legend .
convoluded action/fantasy
underworld clone with little substance
i so wanted to like this .
i , frankly , do n't give a damn
when good acting elevates a terrible movie to merely very bad
treads very familiar ground
immature , pretentious , and moronic .
the good , the bad and the ugly ... the potential was there ...
exceeds expectations
a rather disappointing effort !
horrific cgi crap !
i really should stop watching these urban fantasy flicks ...
entertaining adventure
highly derivative what 's new ? ... frankenstein monster as superhero
the best 'dark comedy ' on tv
simply amazing if this show is for you .
it 's good .
it 's always good
this show turned out to be ... .hilarious
extremely overrated .
crude , rude , funny , hilarious and far out pushes the comedy limit .
one of the best , funniest and most refreshing shows currently on television
it 's wicked , it 's wild and it 's always sunny
one of the best shows on television .
just mario bros , not super .
cheesy , corny , a film a kid will like
a truly weird film
silly action adventure comedy fantasy plays much better today 's audiences .
every bit as bad as people say
it really was as bad idea as some sane people would think
not so super mario
nothing super about these mario bros .
pretty awful , although it does stay fairly close to its source material
baaad ... but mildly enjoyable
the embarrassment that is the super mario bros. film
i hate to see what the pacman movie will be like .
an off the wall college experience with lots of humor
not really funny , but it actually was n't a bad film
starting your own college is ...
light but slick
one of the great college comedies
accepted ; true depiction
no longer rejected .
what is going on here
accepted is a great teen movie everyone can enjoy ( as in teens )
a good pg-13 teen comedy ... ..
junior old school .
too outlandish to succeed among comedies of its kind
brilliantness in simplicity
rejection- shove it up your a-s-s ! !
south harmon institute of technology sandwiches !
entirely unacceptable
almost a nine ...
an injured marine and an injured marine
waste of great talent and a repeat of the mistakes of gi jane
terrific action but not good everything else
very good military courtroom drama
great movie 9/10
uneven courtroom drama with strong acting in the final act
tense , well-acted thriller !
despite a lot of huffing and puffing , this feels neutered and tame
enjoyable fantasy
the story is not new , the acting makes this a must see film
can you forget the ( too many to mention ) plot holes ?
not really .
still , jones and jackson are great
ridiculous action-drama with a family angle ... both derivative and confused
absolutely terrible
above-average crime melodrama
a very generic action thriller ...
there 's no light at the end of this tunnel .
regular joe thinks he 's superman .
so-so conspiracy thriller
nothing to see here
honestly , nothing all too bad .
a nutshell review : the cold light of day
aims for high concept , but is more like low tide
holiday from hell
crawly , creepy , hair-raising bug flick .
entertaining but lacking
very creepy , if you hate spiders
wan na blow-up a bullfrog ?
monsters everywhere
bad example of spider portrayal  but still a very good movie !
good , but plays it too safe
displaying a horrible phobia .
realism colors this creature feature
honestly , not that bad
i was rooting for the witches .
one of the all time great kids halloween movie
a hilarious and exciting halloween film
this movie will put a spell on you .
it puts a spell on you
too much hocus , a lot of pocus , not much focus
modest antiwar movie carries a real impact
an excellent drama
a long wait for the inevitable
sad , beautiful , brilliant- `` grace '' remains with the viewer
i needed 1000 boxes of tissues after this movie .
`` over there '' is felt `` over here ''
beautifully understated look at war 's effect on those left behind
mccheesy 's take on `` grace is gone ''
the kind of film we need but do n't receive
cusack delivers in this excellent film on grief & family bonding
for an 85 minute film , it was too long & boring .
the devil inside ( an elevator )
you 're the devil in disguise , oh yes you are .
more like a story for tv
powerful , compelling , evocative ,
who are you ?
five people are trapped in an elevator , and they are not alone
interesting if not arresting thriller
mediocre twist on `` and then there were none '' ... not terrible !
makes all the right moves , yet the scares still seem underwhelming .
a pathetic horror film
one of the most effective horror films in years
devil ( 2010 ) **1/2
devil in an elevator ...
not bad at all
solid horror effort from the creator of the sixth sense .
a campfire story
a one-note thriller .
the elevator equivalent of lifeboat and ten little indians
m. night shamalangadingdong strikes again
the first of the night chronicles
a perfectly fine movie
average supernatural thriller
cat in a bag
a new hitchcock reborn
very creepy
the devil made me watch this
preachy devil
fun as sharp as pointy horns .
its clever and interesting and pretty run of the mill ... in a good way
bad things happen for a reason
a decent pg-13 horror film ?
with shyamalan 's name attached ?
it 's true !
impressive job
one of the most terrible movies of 2010 .
danger on an elevator ... in the dark ... with the devil .
see quarantine and hard candy instead .
very scary movie with a moral to the story !
`` if all else fails , you can always try your prayers again ``
nifty `` twilight zone '' vibe supernatural thriller
m. night shyamalan might want to stick to writing and producing
a nutshell review : devil
silly , but kind of fun
hollywood crap .
best crime comedy of 2001 !
interesting film , but not great .
an entertaining twist on the traditional modern romance .
its really not that bad ...
too long , too boring and only gandolfini is actually acting
good fun
entertaining to a degree !
grade b mainstream .
this movie is crap !
antiques gun story of love
the legend of the silver pistol
snappy and stylish
this movie was so so
julia roberts disgusting , brad pitt horrible
well , it could have been worse
more harry potter then twilight
emptier than a rain barrel in the desert .
a mid-grade fantasy adventure with an appealing , talented cast .
very enjoyable , greatly preferable to twiglet
harry potter meets twilight via season of the witch
interesting mythology despite cheesy love triangle
surprisingly good
i liked it ... ...
hmm it is n't that bad
whe harry met bella ...
six out of ten !
something is missing to be a great movie
another one
time to go bury ourselves in the books then ...
kristin scott thomas gives one of the must-see performances of 2008
brave , but not quite believable
an extraordinary film experience
noble suffering , crime , and many cigarettes
understated brilliance
muffs its emotional sucker punch
scott thomas ' performance is breathtaking
kristin scott thomas is long overdue for some acting awards ! !
is there a second life ?
cloak of darkness
`` je suis la ''
there 's no excuse for death il y a longtemps que je t'aime
impressive debut effort
implausible plot 'tease ' undermines otherwise engrossing drama
very realistic and restrained performances
we never know what a person has been through
`` so long '' is right
a journey of union beyond the superficial
finely crafted and well acted piece
kristin scott thomas superb performance overcomes story weaknesses .
the worst prison is the death of one 's child .
good fun
simply sounds the death knell for all of humanity
the funniest film i have ever seen .
potential to be funny but ends up lacklustre
extremely disappointing ... .
english pie
a terrific heartwarming ending to a terrific series ,
the inbetweeners movie
a nutshell review : the inbetweeners movie
straight from the horror manual ... '' horror flicks for dummies '' .
one of my favorite movies of all time !
old fashioned scare
do you believe in the bell family ?
superior tale of poltergiest activity
scary but not flawless
leaves you feeling cheated
nothing haunting about it
`` spirits never rest until their tasks have been completed ``
for whom the bells haunt ...
the story stinks , but sissy spacek and donald sutherland are marvelous !
extra shot of drama
one of the best of mainstream relational dramas
a wonderful and touching film with great performances
people like us ( 2012 ) - oh , the family !
great drama for 2012
a contrived concept makes way for a surprisingly worthwhile , emotionally resonant drama
a good movie with a good message .
good try at something different but a bit empty
well-intentioned yet derivative dramedy ; pine & banks acquit themselves nicely
a nutshell review : people like us
the worst in the series , but not a terrible movie
`` not bad horror/slasher sequel ! ''
another sequel for a few good screams and scares .
the worst scream film - but not a completely bad film
all bets are off
scream 3 destroyed the scream-trilogy
getting better
not scary , but weirdly thats the point
and the terror continues ...
the best since the original !
( some spoilers )
more soul numbing from wes craven ! !
ok !
but do not want more screams !
enjoyable for the fans of the scream series .
the weak link of the series
disappointing , but still a good slasher flik !
rolling my eyes outta my head
finally , i screamed , but only for my money back .
round up the usual suspects
a notch below it 's predecessors , but still really good
final act devoid of any real screams ... .
kevin , where are you ?
such bad writing .
scream 3
the curse of the trilogy .
mildly entertaining fare .
mildly entertaining fare .
a good third chapter
a nutshell review : scream 3
a slick trunkful of sleaze .
brad pitt is simply outstanding
killer movie
disturbing .
one of brad pitt 's most memorable roles .
kalifornia with a capital `` k ''
decent , entertaining road-movie with a memorable pitt-performance .
brad pitt can act .
wow .
good role for brad pitt but could n't top `` twelve monkeys ''
surprisingly good , entertaining and interesting .
a real life research journey turns into a real life nightmare !
leaves you trembling
cold weather makes people stupid and that 's a fact .
scary !
disturbing but fascinating
revolving dung
definition of disappointment
definition of disappointment
an extremely action packed , visual delight that will not disappoint action fans !
a truly great sequel .
the matrix trilogy ends on a disappointing note
after watching that i can barely be bothered to comment !
just awful
the conclusion of the saga
not much better than reloaded
the matrix imploed
continues the trilogy 's downward trend
geeky randy 's summary
yes , the emperor was naked
best of the trilogy
a decent , but uninspiring movie
the best of the matrix movies
better than reloaded but still focusing on effects rather than story
still bloated but not without its merits
way too overblown in it 's mythology
not good for the ending of such a trilogy ...
i expected a lot more
excellent conclusion to the trilogy
entertaining and exciting sequel to a visually stunning series ...
part 3 ... good finish
delivers the goods
? ? ? ? ?
part three !
only human ...
this movie sucks and the dudes who made it are stupid .
great joke , wachowski bros !
now , can we have the real revolutions , please ?
the weakest in the trilogy
an epic tale of nothing in particular
full of sound and fury ...
completely bad ass , but just not very good .
not that bad , people
uhhh is this a matrix movie ?
so it comes it this
a traitor to the spirit of the original matrix
the second sequel cure
worst of the trilogy
the final chapter of neo , trin and morpheus
